Grahame-Smith, Seth - Abraham
Lincoln, Vampire Hunter
Cover
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter
Copyright
Copyright © 2010 by Seth Grahame-Smith
All rights reserved. Except as permitted under the U.S. Copyright Act of 1976, no part of
this publication may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or by any means,
or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission of the publisher.
Grand Central Publishing
Hachette Book Group
237 Park Avenue
New York, NY 10017
Visit our website at www.HachetteBookGroup.com
www.twitter.com/grandcentralpub
First eBook Edition: March 2010
Grand Central Publishing is a division of Hachette Book Group, Inc.
The Grand Central Publishing name and logo is a trademark of Hachette Book Group, Inc.
ISBN: 978-0-446-57185-2
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter
For Erin and Joshua.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter
CONTENTS
Copyright
Facts
Introduction
PART I: Boy
1. Exceptional Child
2. Two Stories
3. Henry
4. A Truth Too Terrible

PART II: Vampire Hunter
5. New Salem
6. Ann
7. The Fatal First
8. “Some Great Calamity”
9. At Last, Peace
PART III: President
10. A House Divided
11. Casualties
12. “Starve the Devils”
13. Thus Always to Tyrants
14. Home
Acknowledgments
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter
The boundaries which divide Life from Death are at best
shadowy and vague. Who shall say where the one ends,
and where the other begins?
—Edgar Allan Poe
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter
FACTS
1. For over 250 years, between 1607 and 1865, vampires thrived in the shadows of America. Few humans believed in them.
2. Abraham Lincoln was one of the gifted vampire hunters of his day, and kept a secret
journal about his lifelong war against them.
3. Rumors of the journal’s existence have long been a favorite topic among historians and
Lincoln biographers. Most dismiss it as myth.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter
Introduction
I cannot speak of the things I have seen, nor seek comfort for the pain I feel. If I did, this
nation would descend into a deeper kind of madness, or think its president mad. The truth, I
am afraid, must live as paper and ink. Hidden and forgotten until every man named here has
passed to dust.
—Abraham Lincoln, in a journal entry
December 3rd, 1863
I

I was still bleeding… my hands shaking. As far as I knew, he was still here—watching me.
Somewhere, across a vast gulf of space, a television was on. A man was speaking about
unity.
None of it mattered.
The books laid out in front of me were the only things now. The ten leather-bound books
of varying size—each one a different shade of black or brown. Some merely old and worn.
Others barely held together by their cracked covers, with pages that seemed like they’d
crumble if turned by anything stronger than a breath. Beside them was a bundle of letters held
tightly by a red rubber band. Some with burnt edges. Others as yellowed as the cigarette filters scattered on the basement floor below. The only standout from these antiques was a
single sheet of gleaming white paper. On one side, the names of eleven people I didn’t know.
No phone numbers. No e-mail. Just the addresses of nine men and two women, and a message scrawled at the bottom of the page:
Expecting you.
Somewhere that man was still speaking. Colonists… hope… Selma.
The book in my hands was the smallest of the ten, and easily the most fragile. Its faded
brown cover had been scraped and stained and worn away. The brass buckle that once kept
its secrets safe had long since broken off. Inside, every square inch of paper was covered
with ink—some of it as dark as the day it dried; some of it so faded that I could barely make it
out. In all, there were 118 double-sided, handwritten pages clinging to its spine. They were
filled with private longings; theories; strategies; crude drawings of men with strange faces.
They were filled with secondhand histories and detailed lists. As I read them, I saw the author’s penmanship evolve from the overcautious script of a child to the tightly packed scribbling of a young man.
I finished reading the last page, looked over my shoulder to make sure I was still alone,
and turned back to the first. I had to read it again. Right now, before reason turned its dogs on
the dangerous beliefs that were beginning to march through my mind.
The little book began with these seven absurd, fascinating words:
This is the Journal of Abraham Lincoln.
Rhinebeck is one of those upstate towns that time forgot. A town where family-owned
shops and familiar faces line the streets, and the oldest inn in America (where, as any townie
will proudly tell you, General Washington himself once laid his wigless head) still offers its
comforts at reasonable prices. It’s a town where people give each other homemade quilts and
use woodstoves to heat their homes; and where I have witnessed, on more than one occasion, an apple pie cooling on a windowsill. The place belongs in a snow globe.

Like most of Rhinebeck, the five-and-dime on East Market Street is a living piece of a dying past. Since 1946, the locals have depended on it for everything from egg timers to hem
tape to pencils to Christmas toys. If we don’t sell it, you don’t need it, boasts the sun-beaten
sign in the front window. And if you need it anyway, we’ll order it. Inside, between checkered
linoleum and unflattering fluorescents, you’ll find all the sundries of earth bursting, organized
by bin. Prices written in grease pencil. Debit cards begrudgingly accepted. This was my
home, from eight-thirty in the morning to five-thirty at night. Six days a week. Every week.
I’d always known I’d end up in the store after graduation, just like I had every summer
since I was fifteen. I wasn’t family in the strictest sense, but Jan and Al had always treated me
like one of their kids—giving me a job when I needed it most; throwing me a little pocket
money while I was away at school. The way I saw it, I owed them six solid months, June
through Christmas. That was the plan. Six months of working in the store by day, and working
on my novel nights and weekends. Plenty of time to finish the first draft and give it a good polish. Manhattan was only an hour and a half by train, and that’s where I’d go when I was done,
with four or five pounds of unsolicited, proofread opportunity under my arm. Goodbye, Hudson Valley. Hello, lecture circuit.
Nine years later I was still in the store.
Somewhere in the middle of getting married, surviving a car accident, having a baby,
abandoning my novel, starting and abandoning half a dozen others, having another baby, and
trying to stay on top of the bills, something wholly unexpected and depressingly typical
happened: I stopped caring about my writing, and started caring about everything else: The
kids. The marriage. The mortgage. The store. I seethed at the sight of locals shopping at the
CVS down the street. I bought a computer to help track inventory. Mostly, I looked for new
ways to bring people through the door. When the used bookstore in Red Hook closed, I
bought some of their stock and put a lending shelf in the back. Raffles. Clearance sales. WiFi. Anything to get them through that door. Every year I tried something new. And every year,
we barely scraped by.
Henry *
had been coming for a year or so before we got around to talking. We’d exchanged the expected pleasantries; nothing more. “Have a good one.” “See you next time.” I only knew his
name because I’d heard it through the Market Street grapevine. The story was he’d bought
one of the bigger places off of Route 9G, and had an army of local handymen sprucing it up.
He was a little younger than me—maybe twenty-seven or so, with messy dark hair, a yearround tan, and a different pair of sunglasses for every occasion. I could tell he was money.
His clothes screamed it: vintage T-shirts, wool blazers, jeans that cost more than my car. But
he wasn’t like the other money that came in. The asshole weekenders who liked to gush

about our “cute” little town and our “adorable” little store, walking right past our No Food or
Drink Please sign with their oversize cups of hazelnut coffee, and never spending a dime.
Henry was courteous. Quiet. Best of all, he never left without dropping less than fifty
bucks—most of it on the throwbacks you can only pick up in specialty stores these
days—bars of Lifebuoy, tins of Angelus Shoe Wax. He came in, paid cash, and left. Have a
good one. See you next time. And then, one day in the fall of 2007, I looked up from my spiral
notebook and there he was. Standing on the other side of the counter—staring at me like I’d
just said something revolting.
“Why did you abandon it?”
“I… I’m sorry?”
Henry motioned to the notebook in front of me. I always kept one by the register, in the
event that any brilliant ideas or observations popped in (they never did, but semper fi, you
know?). Over the last four hours, I’d jotted half a page of one-line story ideas, none of which
warranted a second line. The bottom half of the page had descended into a doodle of a tiny
man giving the middle finger to a giant, angry eagle with razor-sharp talons. Beneath it, the
caption: To Mock a Killing Bird. Sadly, this was the best idea I’d had in weeks.
“Your writing. I was curious as to why you abandoned it.”
Now it was me staring at him. For whatever reason, I was suddenly struck by the thought
of a man carrying a flashlight—rifling through the cobwebbed shelves of a dark warehouse. It
wasn’t a pleasant thought.
“Sorry, but I don’t—”
“Understand, no. No, I apologize. It was rude of me to interrupt you.”
Jesus… now I felt compelled to apologize for his apology.
“Not at all. It’s just… what gave you—”
“You seemed like someone who writes.”
He pointed to the lending shelf in the back.
“You obviously have an appreciation for books. I see you writing here from time to time… I
assumed it was a passion. I was just curious as to why you hadn’t pursued it.”
Reasonable. A little pompous (what, just because I’m working in a five-and-dime, I’m not
pursuing my passion?), but reasonable enough to let some of the air back into the room. I
gave him the honest, depressingly typical answer, which amounted to “life is what happens
while you’re busy making other plans.” That led to a discussion about John Lennon, which led
to a discussion about The Beatles, which led to a discussion about Yoko Ono, which led
nowhere. We talked. I asked him how he liked the area. How his house was coming. What
kind of work he did. He gave me satisfactory answers to all of these. But even as he
did—even as we stood there chatting politely, just a couple of young guys shooting the

breeze—I couldn’t avoid the feeling that there was another conversation going on. A conversation that I wasn’t participating in. I could feel Henry’s questions becoming increasingly personal. I could feel my answers doing the same. He asked about my wife. My kids. My writing.
He asked about my parents. My regrets. I answered them all. I knew it was strange. I didn’t
care. I wanted to tell him. This young, rich guy with messy hair and overpriced jeans and dark
glasses. This guy whose eyes I’d never seen. Whom I hardly knew. I wanted to tell him
everything. It just came out, like he’d dislodged a stone that had been stuck in my mouth for
years—a stone that kept all of my secrets held back in a reservoir. Losing my mom when I
was a kid. The problems with my dad. Running away. My writing. My doubts. The annoying
certainty that there was more than this. Our struggles with money. My struggles with depression. The times I thought about running away. The times I thought about killing myself.
I hardly remember saying half of it. Maybe I didn’t.
At some point, I asked Henry to read my unfinished novel. I was appalled by the thought
of him or anyone reading it. I was even appalled by the idea of reading it myself. But I asked
him anyway.
“No need,” he answered.
It was (to that point) the strangest conversation of my life. By the time Henry excused himself and left, I felt like I’d covered ten miles in a flat-out sprint.
It was never that way again. The next time he came in, we exchanged the expected pleasantries; nothing more. Have a good one. See you next time. He bought his soap and shoe
polish. He paid cash. This went on. He came in less and less.
When Henry came in for the last time, in January of 2008, he carried a small package—wrapped in brown paper and tied up with twine. Without a word, he set it next to the register. His gray sweater and crimson scarf were lightly dusted with snow, and his sunglasses
speckled with tiny water droplets. He didn’t bother taking them off. This didn’t surprise me.
There was a white envelope on top of the package with my name written on it—some of the
ink had mixed with melting snow and begun to bleed.
I reached under the counter and killed the volume on the little TV I kept there for Yankees
games. Today it was tuned to the news. It was the morning of the Iowa primary, and Barack
Obama was running neck and neck with Hillary Clinton. Anything to pass the time.
“I would like you to have this.”
For a moment, I looked at him like he’d said that in Norwegian.
“Wait, this is for me? What’s the—”
“I’m sorry, but I have a car waiting. Read the note first. I’ll be in touch.”
And that was it. I watched him walk out the door and into the cold, wondering if he ever let
anyone finish a sentence, or if it was just me.

II
The package sat under the counter for the rest of the day. I was dying to open the damned
thing, but since I had no idea who this guy really was, I wasn’t about to risk unwrapping a
blow-up doll or kilo of black tar heroin at the same moment some Girl Scout decided to walk
in. I let my curiosity burn until the streets turned dark and Mrs. Kallop finally settled on the
darker of the green yarns (after an excruciating ninety minutes of debate), then locked the
doors a few minutes early. To hell with the stragglers tonight. Christmas was over, and it was
deadly slow anyway. Besides, everybody was home watching the Obama-Hillary drama play
out in Iowa. I decided to sneak a cigarette in the basement before heading home to catch the
results. I picked up Henry’s gift, killed the fluorescents, and cranked up the TV’s speaker. If
there was any election news, I’d hear it echoing down the staircase.
There wasn’t much to the basement. Other than a few boxes of overflow inventory against
the walls, it was a mostly empty room with a filthy concrete floor and a single hanging fortywatt bulb. There was an old metal “tanker” desk against one wall with the inventory computer
on it, a two-drawer file cabinet where we kept some records, and a couple of folding chairs. A
water heater. A fuse panel. Two small windows that peeked into the alley above. More than
anything, it was where I smoked during the cold winter months. I pulled a folding chair up to
the desk, lit one, and began to untie the twine at the top of the neatly wrapped—
The letter.
The thought just popped in there, like one of those brilliant ideas or observations I kept the
notebook around for. I was supposed to read the letter first. I found the Swiss Army key chain
in my pants pocket ($7.20 plus tax—cheaper than you’ll find anywhere else in Dutchess
County, guaranteed) and opened the envelope with a flick of the wrist. Inside was a single folded piece of gleaming white paper with a list of names and addresses typed out on one side.
On the other, a handwritten note:
There are some conditions I must ask you to agree to before opening this package:
First, understand that it is not a gift, but a loan. I will, at a time of my choosing, ask you to
return these items. On that point, I need your solemn promise that you will protect them at all
cost, and treat them with the same care and respect you would afford any item of tremendous
value.
Second, the contents of this package are of an extremely sensitive nature. I must ask that
you not share or discuss them with anyone other than myself and the eleven individuals listed
opposite until you have received my permission to do so.
Third, these items are being lent to you with the expectation that you will write a
manuscript about them, of, let us say, substantial length, and subject to my approval. You
may take as much time as you wish. Upon the satisfactory completion of this manuscript, you

will be fairly compensated.
If you cannot meet any of these conditions for any reason, please stop and wait to be contacted by me. However, if you agree, then you may proceed.
I believe it is your purpose to do so.
—H
Well, shit… there was no way I wasn’t opening it now.
I tore the paper off, uncovering a bundle of letters held tightly by a red rubber band, and
ten leather-bound books. I opened the book at the top of the pile. As I did, a lock of blonde
hair fell onto the desk. I picked it up, studied it, and twirled it in my fingers as I read a random
sliver from the pages it’d been pressed between:
… wish I could but vanish from this earth, for there is no love left in it. She has been taken
from me, and with her, all hope of a…
I skimmed through the rest of the first book, spellbound. Somewhere upstairs, a woman
was listing off the names of counties. Pages and pages—every inch filled with tightly packed
handwriting. With dates like November 6th, 1835; June 3rd, 1841. With drawings and lists.
With names like Speed, Berry, and Salem. With a word that kept showing up, over and over:
Vampire.
The other books were the same. Only the dates and penmanship changed. I skimmed
them all.
… there that I saw, for the first time, men and children sold as… precautions, for we knew
that Baltimore was teeming with… was a sin I could not forgive. I was forced to demote the…
Two things were obvious: they were all written by the same person, and they were all
very, very old. Beyond that, I had no idea what they were, or what would’ve compelled Henry
to lend them to me. And then I came across the first page of the first book, and those seven
absurd words: This is the Journal of Abraham Lincoln. I laughed out loud.
It all made sense. I was amazed. Completely, kicked-in-the-teeth amazed. Not because I
was holding the Great Emancipator’s long-lost journal in my hands, but because I had so thoroughly misjudged a man. I’d taken Henry’s quietness to mean he was reclusive. I’d taken his
fleeting interest in my life to mean he was outgoing. But now it was obvious. The dude was
clearly out of his mind. Either that, or messing with mine. Playing some kind of hoax—the kind
that rich guys with too much time on their hands play. But then, it couldn’t be a hoax, could it?
Who would go through this much trouble? Or was it—was this Henry’s own abandoned novel? An elaborately packaged writing project? Now I felt terrible. Yes. Yes, of course that’s
what it was. I looked through the books again, expecting to see little hints of the twenty-first
century. Little cracks in the armor. There weren’t any—at least as far as I could tell on first
glance. Besides, something kept nagging at me: if this was a pet writing project, why the elev-

en names and addresses? Why had Henry asked me to write about the books, instead of asking me to rewrite them? The needle began to lean toward “crazy” again. Was it possible? Did
he really believe that these ten little books were the—no, he couldn’t possibly believe that.
Right?
I couldn’t wait to tell my wife. Couldn’t wait to share the sheer insanity of this with
someone else. In a long line of small town psychos, this guy took the cake. I stood, gathered
the books and letters, crushed the cigarette under my heel, and turned to—
Something was standing six inches from me.
I staggered backward and tripped over the folding chair, falling and banging the back of
my head against the corner of the old tanker desk. My eyes were thrown out of focus. I could
already feel the warmth of the blood running through my hair. Something leaned over me. Its
eyes were a pair of black marbles. Its skin a translucent collage of pulsing blue veins. And its
mouth—its mouth could barely contain its wet, glassy fangs.
It was Henry.
“I’m not going to hurt you,” he said. “I just need you to understand.”
He lifted me off the ground by my collar. I could feel the blood running down the back of
my neck.
I fainted.
Have a good one. See you next time.
III
I’ve been instructed not to get into the specifics of where Henry took me that night, or what
he showed me. Suffice it to say it made me physically ill. Not from any horrors I may have witnessed, but from the guilt that I’d been a party to them, willing or not.
I was with him for less than an hour. In that short time, my understanding of the world was
torn down to its foundation. The way I thought about death, and space, and God… all irrevocably changed. In that short time, I came to believe—in no uncertain terms—something that
would’ve sounded insane only an hour before:
Vampires exist.
I didn’t sleep for a week—first from terror, then excitement. I stayed late at the store every
night, poring over Abraham Lincoln’s books and letters. Checking their incredible claims
against the hard “facts” of heralded Lincoln biographies. I papered the basement walls with
printouts of old photographs. Time lines. Family trees. I wrote into the early morning hours.
For the first two months, my wife was concerned. For the second two she was suspicious.
By the sixth month we’d separated. I feared for my safety. My children’s safety. My sanity. I
had so many questions, but Henry was nowhere to be found. Eventually I worked up the courage to interview the eleven “individuals” on his list. Some were merely reluctant. Others hos-

tile. But with their help (begrudging as it was), I slowly began to stitch together the hidden history of vampires in America. Their role in the birth, growth, and near death of our nation. And
the one man who saved that nation from their tyranny.
For some seventeen months, I sacrificed everything for those ten leather-bound books.
That bundle of letters held tightly by a red rubber band. In some ways they were the best
months of my life. Every morning, I woke up on that inflatable mattress in the store basement
with a purpose. With the knowledge that I was doing something truly important, even if I was
doing it completely, desperately alone. Even if I’d lost my mind.
Vampires exist. And Abraham Lincoln was one of the greatest vampire hunters of his age.
His journal—beginning in his twelfth year and continuing to the day of his assassination—is
an altogether astonishing, heartbreaking, and revolutionary document. One that casts new
light on many of the seminal events in American history and adds immeasurable complexity to
a man already thought to be unusually complex.
There are more than 15,000 books about Lincoln. His childhood. His mental health. His
sexuality. His views on race, religion, and litigation. Most of them contain a great deal of truth.
Some have even hinted at the existence of a “secret diary” and an “obsession with the occult.”
Yet not one of them contains a single word concerning the central struggle of his life. A
struggle that eventually spilled onto the battlefields of the Civil War.
It turns out that the towering myth of Honest Abe, the one ingrained in our earliest grade
school memories, is inherently dishonest. Nothing more than a patchwork of half-truths and
omissions.
What follows nearly ruined my life.
What follows, at last, is the truth.
—Seth Grahame-Smith
Rhinebeck, New York
January 2010
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter

PART I
BOY
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter
ONE
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter
Exceptional Child
In this sad world of ours, sorrow comes to all; and, to the young, it comes with bitterest
agony, because it takes them unawares.
—Abraham Lincoln, in a letter to Fanny McCullogh
December 23rd, 1862
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter
I
The boy had been crouched so long that his legs had fallen asleep beneath him—but he
dared not move now. For here, in a small clearing in the frostbitten forest, were the creatures
he had waited so long to see. The creatures he’d been sent to kill. He bit down on his lip to
keep his teeth from chattering, and aimed his father’s flintlock rifle exactly as he’d been
taught. The body, he remembered. The body, not the neck. Quietly, carefully he pulled the
hammer back and pointed the barrel at his target, a large male who’d fallen behind the others.
Decades later, the boy would recall what happened next.
I hesitated. Not out of a conflict of conscience, but for the fear that my rifle had gotten too
wet, and thus wouldn’t fire. However, this fear proved unfounded, for when I pulled the trigger,
the stock hit my shoulder with such force as to knock me clean onto my back.
Turkeys scattered in every direction as Abraham Lincoln, seven years old, picked himself
off the snow-covered ground. Rising to his feet, he brought his fingers to the strange warmth
he felt on his chin. “I’d bitten my lip clean through,” he wrote. “But I hardly gave a holler. I was
desperate to know if I had hit the poor devil or not.”
He had. The large male flapped its wings wildly, pushing itself through the snow in small
circles. Abe watched from a distance, “afraid it might somehow rise up and tear me to pieces.”
The flapping of wings; the dragging of feathers through snow. These were the only sounds in
the world. They were joined by the crunching beneath Abe’s feet as he found his nerve and
approached. The wings beat less forcefully now.
It was dying.
He had shot it clean through the neck. The head hung at an unnatural angle—dragged
across the ground as the bird continued to thrash. The body, not the neck. With every beat of
its heart, blood poured from the wound and onto the snow, where it mixed with the dark
droplets from Abe’s bleeding lip and the tears that had already begun to fall down his face.

It gasped for breath, but could draw none, and its eyes wore a kind of fear I had never
seen. I stood over the miserable bird for what seemed a twelvemonth, pleading with God to
make its wings fall silent. Begging His forgiveness for so injuring a creature that had shown
me no malice; presented no threat to my person or prosperity. Finally it was still, and, plucking
up my courage, I dragged it through a mile of forest and laid it at my mother’s feet—my head
hung low so as to hide my tears.
Abraham Lincoln would never take another life. And yet he would become one of the
greatest killers of the nineteenth century.
The grieving boy didn’t sleep a wink that night. “I could think only of the injustice I had
done another living thing, and the fear I had seen in its eyes as the promise of life slipped
away.” Abe refused to eat any part of his kill, and lived on little more than bread as his mother, father, and older sister picked the carcass clean over the next two weeks. There is no record of their reaction to this hunger strike, but it must have been seen as eccentric. After all,
to willingly go without food, as a matter of principle, was a remarkable choice for anyone in
those days—particularly a boy who had been born and raised on America’s frontier.
But then, Abe Lincoln had always been different.
America was still in its infancy when the future president was born on February 12th,
1809—a mere thirty-three years after the signing of the Declaration of Independence. Many of
the giants of the American Revolution—Robert Treat Paine, Benjamin Rush, and Samuel
Chase—were still alive. John Adams and Thomas Jefferson wouldn’t resume their tumultuous
friendship for another three years, and wouldn’t die for another seventeen—incredibly, on the
same day. The Fourth of July.
Those first American decades were ones of seemingly limitless growth and opportunity.
By the time Abe Lincoln was born, residents of Boston and Philadelphia had seen their cities
double in size in less than twenty years. New York’s population had tripled in the same
amount of time. The cities were becoming livelier, more prosperous. “For every farmer, there
are two haberdashers; for every blacksmith, an opera house,” joked Washington Irving in his
New York periodical, Salmagundi.
But as the cities became more crowded, they became more dangerous. Like their counterparts in London, Paris, and Rome, America’s city dwellers had come to expect a certain
amount of crime. Theft was by far the most common offense. With no fingerprints on file or
cameras to fear, thieves were limited only by their conscience and cunning. Muggings hardly
warranted a mention in the local papers, unless the victim was a person of note.
There’s a story of an elderly widow named Agnes Pendel Brown, who lived with her longtime butler (nearly as old as she, and deaf as a stone) in a three-story brick mansion on Amsterdam Avenue. On December 2nd, 1799, Agnes and her butler turned in for the night—he on

the first floor, she on the third. When they awoke the next morning, every piece of furniture,
every work of art, every gown, serving dish, and candlestick holder (candles included) was
gone. The only things the light-footed burglars left were the beds in which Agnes and her butler slept.
There was also the occasional murder. Before the Revolutionary War, homicides had
been exceedingly rare in America’s cities (it’s impossible to provide exact numbers, but a review of three Boston newspapers between 1775 and 1780 yields mention of only eleven
cases, ten of which were promptly solved). Most of these were so-called honor killings, such
as duels or family squabbles. In most cases, no charges were brought. The laws of the early
nineteenth century were vague and, with no regular police force to speak of, loosely enforced.
It’s worth noting that killing a slave was not considered murder, no matter the circumstances.
It was merely “destruction of property.”
Immediately after America won its independence, something strange began to happen.
The murder rate in its cities started to rise dramatically, almost overnight. Unlike the honor
killings of years past, these murders seemed random; senseless. Between 1802 and 1807,
there were an incredible 204 unsolved homicides in New York City alone. Homicides with no
witnesses, no motive, and often no discernible cause of death. Because the investigators
(most of whom were untrained volunteers) kept no records, the only surviving clues come
from a handful of faded newspaper articles. One in particular, from the New York Spectator,
captures the panic that had enveloped the city by July of 1806.
A Mr. Stokes, of 210 Tenth Street, happen’d upon the poor Victim, a mulatto Woman,
whilst on his morning constitutional. The Gentleman remark’d that her eyes were wide open,
and her body quite stiff, as if dry’d in the sun. A Constable by name of McLeay inform’d me
that no blood was found near the unfortunate soul, nor on her garments, and that her only
wound was a small score on the wrist. She is the forty-second to meet such an end this year.
The Honorable Dewitt Clinton, Mayor, respectfully advizes the good citizenry to prolong their
vigilance until the answerable scoundrel is captur’d. Women and Children are urg’d to walk
with a Gentleman companion, and Gentlemen are urg’d to walk in pairs after dark.
The scene was eerily similar to a dozen others reported that summer. No trauma. No
blood. Open eyes and rigid body. The face a mask of terror. A pattern emerged among the
victims: they were free blacks, vagrants, prostitutes, travelers, and the mentally impaired—people with little or no connection to the city, no family, and whose murders were unlikely to incite angry mobs seeking justice. And New York was hardly alone in its troubles.
Similar articles filled the papers of Boston and Philadelphia that summer, and similar rumors
filled the mouths of their panicked populations. There was talk of shadowy madmen. Of foreign spies.

There was even talk of vampires.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter
II
Sinking Springs Farm was about as far from New York City as one could get in early nineteenth-century America. Despite its name, the 300-acre “farm” was mostly heavily wooded
land—and its rocky eastern Kentucky soil made the prospects of bumper crops unlikely at
best. Thomas Lincoln, thirty-one years old, had acquired it for a $200 promissory note in the
months before Abe was born. A carpenter by trade, Thomas hastily built a one-room cabin on
his new land. It measured all of eighteen by twenty feet, with a hard dirt floor that was cold to
the touch year-round. When it rained, water leaked through the roof in bucketfuls. When the
wind howled, drafts forced their way through countless cracks in the walls. It was in these
humble circumstances, on an unseasonably mild Sunday morning, that the sixteenth president of the United States came into the world. It’s said that he didn’t cry when he was born, but
that he merely stared at his mother, quizzically, and then smiled at her.
Abe would have no memory of Sinking Springs. When he was two, a dispute arose over
the deed to the land, so Thomas moved his family ten miles north, to the smaller, more fertile
Knob Creek Farm. Despite the much-improved soil, Thomas—who could have made a comfortable living selling corn and grain to nearby settlers—plowed less than an acre of land.
He was an illiterate, indolent man who could not so much as sign his name until instructed
by my mother. He had not a scrap of ambition in him… not the slightest interest in bettering
his circumstances, or in providing for his family beyond the barest necessities. He never
planted a single row more than was needed to keep our bellies from aching, or sought a
single penny more than was needed to keep the simplest clothes on our backs.
It was an unduly harsh assessment, written by a forty-one-year-old Abe on the day of his
father’s funeral (which he had chosen not to attend, and perhaps felt a pang of guilt over).
While no one would ever accuse Thomas Lincoln of being “driven,” he seems to have been a
reliable, if not bountiful, provider. That he never abandoned his family in times of desperate
hardship and grief, or abandoned the frontier for the comforts of city life (as many of his contemporaries did), speaks to his character. And while he didn’t always understand or approve
of his son’s pursuits, he always permitted them (eventually). However, Abe would never be
able to forgive him for the tragedy that would transform both of their lives.
Typical of the times, Thomas Lincoln’s life had been one of continual struggle and frequent tragedy. Born in 1778, he moved from Virginia to Kentucky with his father, Abraham,
and mother, Bathsheba, while still a child. When he was eight, Thomas saw his father
murdered before his eyes. It was spring, and Abraham Sr. was busy clearing land to be
planted, “when he was waylaid by a party of Shawnee savages.” Thomas watched, helpless,

as his father was bludgeoned to death—his throat cut and scalp taken. What (if anything) provoked the attack, or why his own life was spared, he couldn’t say. Whatever the reasons, life
was never the same for Thomas Lincoln. With no inheritance, he was left to wander from town
to town, toiling in an endless series of odd jobs. He apprenticed with a carpenter, served as a
prison guard, and rode flatboats on the Mississippi and Sangamon Rivers. He felled trees,
plowed fields, and attended church when he could. There is no evidence that he ever set foot
in a schoolhouse.
This wholly unremarkable life would have surely escaped the notice of history had
Thomas not ventured into Elizabethtown one day when he was twenty-eight and, by chance,
laid eyes on the young daughter of a Kentucky farmer. Their marriage, on June 12th, 1806,
would change the shape of history in ways neither could have dreamed.
By all accounts, Nancy Hanks was a bright, gentle, and handsome woman who had a
“remarkable” way with words (but seldom spoke among new acquaintances on account of
painful shyness). She was literate, having enjoyed the formal education that her son never
would. Nancy was a resourceful woman, and though books were hard to come by in the Kentucky wilderness, she always managed to have at least one borrowed or begged tome around
for those rare moments when all the work of the day was done. Beginning when he was
barely more than an infant, she would read Abe anything she could get her hands on:
Voltaire’s Candide, Defoe’s Robinson Crusoe, the poetry of Keats and Byron. But it was the
Bible that young Abraham loved above all others. The attentive toddler would sit on her lap,
thrilling to the larger-than-life stories of the Old Testament: David and Goliath, Noah’s ark, the
plagues of Egypt. He was especially fascinated by the tale of Job, the righteous man who had
everything taken from him, every curse, sorrow, and betrayal leveled at him, yet continued to
love and praise God. “He might have been a priest,” a childhood friend would write years later
in an election pamphlet, “if life had been kinder to him.”
Knob Creek Farm was about as tough a place to live as one could find in the early 1800s.
In the spring, frequent thunderstorms flooded the creek and turned crops into fields of waistdeep mud. In the winter, all color drained from the frozen landscape, and the trees became
twisted fingers rattling against each other in the wind. It was here that Abe would experience
many of his earliest memories: chasing his older sister, Sarah, through acres of blue ash and
shagbark hickory; clinging to the back of a pony for a gentle summer ride; splitting kindling
with a small ax beside his father. It was also here that he would experience the first of many
devastating losses in his life.
When Abe was three, Nancy Lincoln gave birth to a boy christened Thomas, like his father. Sons were a double blessing to frontier families, and the elder Thomas no doubt looked to
the day when he would have two able-bodied boys to share the work with. But those dreams

were short-lived. The baby died just shy of a month old. Abe would write about it twenty years
later, before he had lived to bury two of his own sons.
As for my own grief, I do not recall. I was perhaps too young to comprehend the meaning
or irrevocability of it. However, I will never forget my mother and father’s torment. To describe
it would be an exercise in futility. It is the sort of suffering that cannot be done justice with
words. I can say only this—that I suspect it is an anguish from which one never recovers. A
walking death.
It’s impossible to know what killed Thomas Lincoln Jr. The common causes ranged from
dehydration, to pneumonia, to low birth weight. Congenital and chromosomal abnormalities
were more than a century away from being understood or diagnosed. Even under the best
conditions, the infant mortality rate was 10 percent in the early 1800s.
The elder Thomas built a small coffin and buried his son near the cabin. No grave marker
remains. Nancy pulled herself together and doted on her remaining children—especially Abe.
She encouraged his insatiable curiosity, his innate love of learning stories, names, and facts
and reciting them again and again. Over her husband’s objections, she began to teach Abe
how to read and write before his fifth birthday. “Father had no use for books,” he recalled
years later, “short of burning them when the firewood got wet.” Though there is no record of
her feelings, Nancy Lincoln must have sensed that her son was gifted. Certainly she was determined to see him go on to better things than she or her husband could.
The Old Cumberland Trail ran directly through Knob Creek Farm. It was a highway of
sorts, the main route between Louisville and Nashville, and characters of every stripe passed
in both directions daily. Five-year-old Abe would sit on a fence rail for hours at a time, laughing at the molasses wagon driver who always made a show of cursing his mules, or waving at
the post rider as he galloped by on horseback. Occasionally he saw slaves being taken to
auction.
I recall seeing a horse cart pass, filled with Negroes. There were several. All women, and
of varying age. They were… shackled at the wrist and chained together on the cart bed,
without so much as a handful of loose hay to comfort the bumps of the road, or a blanket to
relieve them from the winter air. The drivers, naturally, sat on the cushioned bench in front,
each of them wrapped in wool. My eyes met those of the youngest Negro girl, who was close
in age to myself. Perhaps five or six. I admit that I could not look at her more than a moment
before turning away—such was the sorrow of her countenance.
As a Baptist, Thomas Lincoln had been raised to believe that slavery was a sin. It was one
of the few lasting contributions he would make to his son’s character.
Knob Creek became a place where weary travelers on the Old Cumberland Trail could
spend the night. Sarah would make up a bed for each guest in one of the outbuildings (the

farm consisted of a cabin, a storage shed, and a barn), and Nancy would serve a hot meal at
sundown. The Lincolns never asked their overnight guests for payment, though most made
contributions, either in money or, more often, in goods such as grain, sugar, and tobacco.
After supper, the women would retire, and the men would pass the evening sipping whiskey
and puffing pipes. Abe would lie awake in his bed in the loft above, listening to his father entertain their guests with a seemingly limitless reserve of stories, thrilling tales of the early settlers and the Revolutionary War, humorous anecdotes and allegories, and true (or partly true)
stories from his own wandering days.
Father may have been wanting in some things, but here he was masterful. Night upon
night, I marveled at his power to hold listeners in rapt attention. He could tell a story with such
detail, such flourish, that afterwards a man would swear that it had been his own memory,
and not a tale at all. I would… fight off sleep till well past midnight, trying to remember every
word, and trying to fathom a way to tell the same story to my young friends in a manner they
would understand.
Like his father, Abe had a natural gift for storytelling and would grow to master the art. His
ability to communicate—to boil complex ideas down to simple, colorful parables—would be a
powerful asset in later political life.
Travelers were expected to relay any news from the outside world. Most simply retold
stories from the newspapers of Louisville or Nashville, or repeated gossip picked up along the
road. “It was common to hear of the same drunk falling into the same ditch three times in a
week, in three different voices.” Every so often, however, a traveler would arrive bearing stories of a different sort. Abe recalled trembling beneath his covers one night as a French immigrant described the madness of Paris in the 1780s.
The people had taken to calling it la ville des morts, the Frenchman said. The City of
Death. Every night brought new screams, and every morning, new pale, wide-eyed bodies in
the streets, or bloated victims fished from the sewers, which often ran red. They were the remains of men, women, children. They were innocent victims with no common bonds beyond
their poverty, and there was nary a person in France who had any doubt as to the identity of
their murderers. “It was les vampires!” he said. “We had seen them with our own eyes!” Vampires, he told us, had been the “quiet curse” of Paris for centuries. But now, with so much
famine and disease… so many poor beggars packed tightly in the slums… they were growing
ever bolder. Ever hungrier. “Yet Louis did nothing! He and his aristocrates pompeux did nothing while vampires feasted upon his starving subjects, until finally his subjects would tolerate
no more.”
Naturally, the Frenchman’s story, like all vampire stories, was considered folly, a myth
concocted to frighten children. Still, Abe found them endlessly fascinating. He spent hours

dreaming up his own tales of “winged immortals,” their “white fangs stained with blood, waiting in the darkness for the next unfortunate soul to wander their way.” He thrilled in testing
their effectiveness on his sister, who “frightened easier than a field mouse, but thought it was
good fun nonetheless.”
Thomas, on the other hand, was quick to scold Abe if he caught him spinning vampire
yarns. Such stories were “childish nonsense” and had no place in polite conversation.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter
III
In 1816, another land dispute brought an end to the Lincolns’ time at Knob Creek. Ownership was a murky concept on the frontier, with multiple deeds often issued for the same property, and records mysteriously appearing or disappearing (depending on the nature of the
bribe). Rather than face a costly legal battle, Thomas uprooted his family for the second time
in Abe’s seven years, leading them west across the Ohio River and into Indiana. There, having apparently learned nothing from his previous land disputes, Thomas simply helped himself
to a 160-acre plot of land in a heavily wooded settlement known as Little Pigeon Creek, near
present-day Gentryville. The decision to leave Kentucky was both a practical and moral one.
Practical, because there was plenty of cheap land to be had after the Indians were driven out
following the War of 1812. Moral, because Thomas was an abolitionist, and Indiana was a
free territory.
Compared to the farms at Sinking Springs and Knob Creek, the Lincolns’ new homestead
was truly untamed—surrounded by an “unbroken wilderness,” where bears and bobcats
roamed without boundaries or fear of man. Their first months were spent in a hastily constructed lean-to barely big enough for four people and open to the elements on one side. The biting cold of that first Indiana winter must have been unbearable.
Little Pigeon Creek was remote, but hardly lonely. There were eight or nine families less
than a mile from the Lincolns’ home, many of them fellow Kentuckians. “More than a dozen
boys my age lived within a short walk. We… formed a militia, and waged a campaign of mischief that is still spoken of in southern Indiana.” But the growing community was more than a
repository for boisterous children. As was often the case on the frontier, families pooled their
resources and talents to increase their chances of survival, planting and harvesting crops together, trading goods and labor, and lending a hand in times of illness or hardship. Considered the best carpenter in the area, Thomas rarely wanted for work. One of his first contributions was a tiny one-room schoolhouse, which Abe would attend infrequently in the coming
years. During his first presidential campaign, he would write a brief autobiography, in which
he admitted that the sum of his schooling amounted to “less than a year altogether.” Even so,
it was obvious to at least one of those early teachers, Azel Waters Dorsey, that Abraham Lin-

coln was “an exceptional child.”
Following Abe’s fateful turkey encounter, he announced that he would no longer hunt
game. As punishment, Thomas put him to work splitting wood—thinking the physical toll
would force him to reconsider. Though Abe could barely lift the blade higher than his waist, he
spent hour after hour clumsily splitting and stacking logs.
It got to be that I could hardly tell where the ax stopped and my arm began. After a while,
the handle would simply slip through my fingers, and my arms would hang at my sides like a
pair of curtains. If Father saw me resting thus, he would cuss up a cyclone, take the ax from
the ground, and split a dozen logs in a minute to shame me into working again. I kept at it,
though, and with each passing day, my arms grew a little stronger.
FIG. 23A. - YOUNG ABE IN HIS JOURNAL BY FIRELIGHT, ACCOMPANIED BY SOME
OF HIS EARLY VAMPIRE-HUNTING TOOLS.
Soon, Abe could split more logs in a minute than his father.
Two years had passed since those first months in the lean-to. The family now lived in a
small, sturdy cabin with a stone fireplace, shingled roof, and raised wooden floor that stayed
warm and dry in winter. As always, Thomas worked just enough to keep them clothed and
fed. Nancy’s great-aunt and great-uncle Tom and Elizabeth Sparrow had come from Kentucky
to live in one of the outbuildings and help out around the farm. Things were good. “I have
since learned to distrust such stillness,” Abe wrote in 1852, “as it is always, always prelude to
some great calamity.”
One September night in 1818, Abe awoke with a start. He sat straight up in his bed and
shielded his face with his hands, as if someone had been standing over him, threatening to
bring a club down on his head. No one did. Realizing the danger was imagined, he lowered
his hands, caught his breath, and looked around. Everyone was asleep. Judging by the embers in the fireplace, it was two or three in the morning.
Abe ventured outside wearing nothing but his sleeping gown, despite the early arrival of
autumn. He walked toward the silhouette of the outhouse, still half asleep, closed the door behind him, and sat. As his eyes adjusted, the moonlight coming in though the planks suddenly
seemed bright enough to read by. With no book to pass the time, Abe ran his hands through
the tiny shafts of light, examining the patterns they made on his fingers.
Someone was talking outside.
Abe held his breath as the footfalls of two men grew closer, then stopped. They’re in front
of the cabin. One spoke in an angry whisper. Though he couldn’t make out the words, Abe
knew the voice didn’t belong to anyone in Little Pigeon Creek. “The accent was English, and
the pitch uncommonly high.” The stranger ranted for a moment, then paused, waiting for an
answer. It came. This time, the voice was very familiar. It belonged to Thomas Lincoln.

I pressed my eye to one of the spaces between the planks. It was indeed Father, and he
was with someone I had never seen before. This stranger was a squat figure of a man, clad in
finer attire than I had ever seen. He was missing his right arm below the elbow—the sleeve
neatly pinned to his shoulder. Father, though easily the larger of the two, seemed to cower
before this companion.
Abe struggled to make out their conversation, but they were too far away. He watched, trying his best to read their gestures, their lips, until…
Father, suddenly mindful of waking us, urged his companion away from the cabin. I held
my breath as they drew closer, certain that I would be revealed by the hammering of my
heart. They stopped not four yards from where I sat. It was in this manner that I overheard the
last of the argument. “I cannot,” said Father. The stranger stood in silence and disappointment.
Finally he gave his reply. “Then I’ll take it in other ways.”
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter
IV
Tom and Elizabeth Sparrow were dying. For three days and nights, Nancy nursed her
great-aunt and great-uncle through scorching fevers, delusions, and cramps so severe they
made the six-foot Tom weep like a child. Abe and Sarah stuck close to their mother, helping
her keep the compresses wet and the bedding clean, and praying with her for a miraculous
recovery that they all knew, deep down, wouldn’t come. The old folks had seen this before.
They called it “the milk sick,” a slow poisoning brought on by drinking tainted milk. It was untreatable and fatal. Abe had never watched someone die before, and he hoped that God
would forgive him for being slightly curious to see it happen.
He hadn’t dared confront his father about what he’d seen and heard a week earlier.
Thomas had been especially distant (and largely absent) since that night, and seemed to
want no part of the vigil taking place at Tom and Elizabeth’s bedside.
They died in quick succession—he first, she a few hours later. Abe was secretly disappointed. He’d half expected a last desperate gasp for breath, or a touching soliloquy, as in the
books he was now reading to himself at night. Instead, Tom and Elizabeth simply fell into a
coma, lay still for several hours, and died. Thomas Lincoln, without so much as a word of condolence to his wife, set about fashioning a pair of coffins from planks and wooden pegs the
next morning. The Sparrows were in the ground by supper.
Father had never been particularly fond of Aunt and Uncle, and they were hardly the first
relations he had buried. Yet I had never known him to be so quiet. He seemed lost in thought.
Uneasy.

Four days later, Nancy Lincoln began to feel ill. At first, she insisted it was nothing more
than a headache, no doubt brought on by the stress of Tom and Elizabeth’s death. Nevertheless, Thomas sent for the nearest doctor, who lived thirty miles away. By the time he arrived,
just before sunrise the next morning, Nancy was delusional with fever.
My sister and I knelt at her side, trembling from fear and want of sleep. Father sat on a
nearby chair as the doctor examined her. I knew that she was dying. I knew that God was
punishing me. Punishing me for my curiosity over Aunt and Uncle’s death. Punishing me for
killing a creature that had shown me no malice. I alone was responsible. When the doctor was
finished, he asked for a word with Father outside. When they returned, Father could not help
his tears. None of us could.
That night, Abe sat alone by his mother’s side. Sarah had fallen asleep next to the fire,
and Thomas had nodded off in his chair for the moment. Nancy had finally fallen into a coma.
She’d been screaming for hours—first from the delusions, and then from the pain. At one
point, Thomas and the doctor had restrained her while she shrieked about “looking the devil in
the eyes.”
Abe took the compress off her forehead and dipped it in the water bowl by his feet. He’d
have to light another candle soon. The one by her bedside was beginning to flicker. As he lifted the compress and wrung it out, a hand seized his wrist.
“My baby boy,” whispered Nancy.
The transformation was total. Her face was calm, her voice gentle and even. There was
something of a light in her eyes again. My heart leapt. This could only be the miracle I had so
earnestly prayed for. She looked at me and smiled. “My baby boy,” she whispered again.
“Live.” Tears began to run down my cheeks. I wondered if this was just some cruel dream.
“Mama?” I asked. “Live,” she repeated. I wept. God had forgiven me. God had given her back
to me. She smiled again. I felt her hand slip from my wrist, and I watched her eyes close.
“Mama?” Once more, this time barely above a whisper, she repeated, “Live.” She never
opened her eyes again.
Nancy Hanks Lincoln died on October 5th, 1818, age thirty-four. Thomas buried her on a
hillside behind the cabin.
Abe was alone in the world.
His mother had been his soul mate. She had shown him love and encouragement since
the day he was born. She had read to him all those nights, always holding the book in her left
hand and gently twirling a finger through his dark hair with the right as he fell asleep on her
lap. Hers had been the first face to greet him when he entered the world. He hadn’t cried. He
had simply looked at her and smiled. She was love, and light. And she was gone. Abe wept
for her.

No sooner was she buried than Abe resolved to run away. The thought of staying in Little
Pigeon Creek with his eleven-year-old sister and grief-stricken father was more than he could
bear. Before his mother was thirty-six hours dead, Abe Lincoln, nine years old, trudged
through the Indiana wilderness, carrying all of his meager possessions in a wool blanket. His
plan was brilliantly simple. He would walk as far as the Ohio River. There, he would beg his
way onto a flatboat and float down to the lower Mississippi, then into New Orleans, where
he’d be able to stow away on any number of ships. Perhaps he’d find his way to New York or
Boston. Perhaps he’d sail to Europe, to see the immortal cathedrals and castles he’d often
imagined.
FIG. 12-B. - YOUNG ABE STANDS OVER HIS MOTHERS’S GRAVE IN AN EARLY
1900’S ENGRAVING TITLED ‘A PLEDGE OF VENGEANCE’.
If there was a flaw in his plan, it was his time of departure. Abe chose to leave home in the
afternoon, and by the time he’d put four miles behind him, the short winter day was fading to
darkness. Surrounded by untamed wilderness, with nothing more than a wool blanket and a
handful of food to his name, Abe stopped, sat against a tree, and sobbed. He was alone in
the dark, and he was homesick for a place that no longer existed. He longed for his mother.
He longed to feel his sister’s hair against his face as he wept on her shoulder. To his surprise,
he even found himself longing for his father’s embrace.
There was a faint cry in the night—a long, animal cry that echoed all around me. I thought
at once of the bears that our neighbor Reuben Grigsby had spotted near the creek not two
days before, and felt like a rube for leaving home without so much as a knife. There was another cry, and another. They seemed to move all around me, and the more I heard, the more
obvious it became that no bear, or panther, or animal was making them. They had a different
sound. A human sound. All at once I realized what I was hearing. Without bothering to take
my belongings, I jumped up and ran toward home as fast as my feet would carry me.
They were screams.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter
TWO
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter
Two Stories
And having thus chosen our course, without guile, and with pure purpose, let us renew our
trust in God, and go forward without fear, and with manly hearts.
—Abraham Lincoln, in an address to Congress
July 4th, 1861
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter

I
If Thomas Lincoln ever tried to comfort his children in the wake of their mother’s death—if
he ever asked them how they felt, or shared his own grief—there is no record of it. He seems
to have spent the months after her burial in near-total silence. Waking before dawn. Boiling
his coffee. Picking at his breakfast. Working till nightfall, and (more often than not) drinking
himself into a stupor. A short grace at supper was often the only time Abe and Sarah heard
his voice.
Be present at our table, Lord—
Be here and everywhere adored.
Thy mercies bless and grant that we—
May strengthened for thy service be.
But for all his faults, Thomas Lincoln had what the old-timers called “horse sense.” He
knew that his situation was untenable. He knew that he couldn’t keep his family going alone.
In the winter of 1819, just over a year after Nancy’s death, Thomas abruptly announced
that he would be leaving for “two weeks or three”—and that when he returned, the children
would have a new mother.
This took us quite by surprise, for we had scarcely heard him utter a word for the better of
a year, and were unaware that he had any such designs. Whether he had any particular woman in mind, he did not say. I wondered if he meant to take an advertisement in the Gazette,
or simply wander the streets of Louisville proposing to any unaccompanied lady who walked
his way. Neither, I admit, would have surprised me much.
Unbeknownst to Abe and Sarah, Thomas did have someone particular in mind, a recently
widowed acquaintance in Elizabethtown (the very place he’d first laid eyes on his Nancy
some thirteen years before). He meant to show up on her doorstep unannounced, propose
marriage, and bring her back to Little Pigeon Creek. That was it. That was the extent of his
plan.
For Thomas, the trip marked an end to his silent grieving. For nine-year-old Abe and eleven-year-old Sarah, it marked the first time they’d ever been left alone.
At night we left a candle burning in the center of the room, hid beneath our covers, and
barricaded the door with father’s bed. I know not what we meant to protect ourselves from,
only that we felt better for having done it. We remained this way well into the night, listening to
the noises that came from all around us. Animal noises. Far-off voices carried on the wind.
The cracking of twigs as something walked around the cabin. We shivered in our beds until
the candle finally died, then fought in whispers over who would leave the safety of their covers
and light the next. When father returned, we were each given a good thrashing for having
burned through so many candles in such a short time.

Thomas was true to his word. When he returned, he was accompanied by a wagon. In it
were all the earthly possessions (or at least, the ones that would fit) of the newly minted
Sarah Bush Lincoln and her three children: Elizabeth, thirteen; Matilda, ten; and John, nine.
For Abe and his sister, the sight of a wagon brimming with furniture, clocks, and tableware
was akin to beholding “the treasures of the maharaja.” For the new Mrs. Lincoln, the sight of
these barefoot, dirt-covered frontier children was equally shocking. They were stripped down
and scrubbed thoroughly that very night.
There were no two ways about it—Sarah Bush Lincoln was a plain woman. She had
sunken eyes and a narrow face, which conspired to make her look perpetually starved. She
had a high forehead made larger by the fact that her wiry brown hair was forever pulled back
in a tight bun. She was skinny, knock-kneed, and missing two of her bottom teeth. But a widower with few prospects and nary a dollar to his name couldn’t be picky. Nor could a woman
with three children and debts to pay. Theirs was a union born of good old-fashioned horse
sense.
Abe had been quite prepared to hate his stepmother. From the moment Thomas announced his intentions to marry, he’d busied his head with schemes to undermine her. Imagined faults to hold against her.
It was inconvenient, therefore, that she was kind, encouraging, and endlessly sensitive.
Sensitive in particular to the fact that my sister and I would always hold a tender place in our
hearts for our sweet mother.
Like Nancy before her, the new Mrs. Lincoln recognized Abe’s passion for books and resolved to nurture it. Among the possessions she’d carted in from Kentucky was a Webster’s
Speller, which proved a gold mine to the unschooled boy. Sarah (who, like her new husband,
was illiterate) often asked Abe to read from her Bible after supper. He delighted in regaling his
new family with passages from Corinthians and Kings; with the wisdom of Solomon and the
folly of Nabal. His faith had grown since his mother’s passing. He liked to imagine her looking
down from heaven, running her angel fingers through his soft brown hair as he read. Protecting him from harm. Comforting him in times of need.
Abe also took a liking to his new stepsiblings, particularly John, whom he dubbed “the
General” for his love of playing at war.
Where I was reluctant to stand, John was reluctant to stand still, always concocting this
imagined battle or that and rounding up the required number of boys to fight it. Always urging
me to leave my books and join his fun. I would refuse, and he would harass, promising to
make me a captain or colonel. Promising to do my chores if I joined in. Badgering me until I
had no choice but to leave the comfort of my reading tree and run wild. At the time, I considered him something of a simpleton. I now realize how wise he was. For a boy needs more

than books to be a boy.
On his eleventh birthday, Sarah presented Abe with a small, leather-bound journal
(against Thomas’s wishes). She’d bought it with money earned by cleaning and mending
clothes for Mr. Gregson, an elderly neighbor whose wife had passed away years before.
Books were hard enough to come by on the frontier, but journals were truly a luxury—particularly for little boys in poor families. One can only imagine Abe’s joy at receiving
such a gift. He wasted no time making his first entry, dutifully recorded in his unpolished hand
on the very day he received it.
This is the Journal of Abraham Lincoln.
9 February 1820—I have been given this book as a gift for my elevnth [sic] birthday by my
father and stepmother, who is named Mrs. Sarah Bush Lincoln. I will endevor [sic] to use it
daily for the purpose of improving my letters.
—Abraham Lincoln
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter
II
One early spring night, not long after those words were carefully composed, Thomas
called his son outside to sit by the fire. He was drunk. Abe knew this, even before being
summoned to sit on a stump and warm himself. His father only made a fire outside when he
felt like getting particularly plastered.
“I ever tell you about your granddaddy?”
It was one of his favorite stories to tell when he was drunk: the story of witnessing his father’s brutal murder as a boy, an event that left him deeply scarred. Unfortunately the comforts
of Sigmund Freud’s couch were still decades away. In its absence, Thomas did what any selfrespecting, emotionally crippled frontiersman did to deal with his troubles: he got blind, stinking drunk and hung them out to dry. If there was any consolation for Abe, it was this: his father was a gifted storyteller, with a knack for making every detail come alive. He would mimic
accents, mime actions. Change the tenor of his voice and the rhythm of his delivery. He was a
natural performer.
Unfortunately, Abe had seen this particular performance many, many times. He could recite the story word for word: how his grandfather (also named Abraham) had been plowing a
field near his Kentucky home. How eight-year-old Thomas and his brothers had watched him
toil in the heat of that May afternoon, turning over the soil. How they’d been startled by the
yells of a Shawnee war party as it sprang out of hiding and attacked. How little Thomas took
cover behind a tree and watched them beat his father’s brains in with a stone hammer. Cut
his throat with a tomahawk. He could describe it all—even his grandmother’s face as young
Thomas relayed the news after running home.

But that wasn’t the version Thomas told him now.
The story began as it always had, in the heat wave of May 1786. Thomas was eight years
old. He and two of his older brothers, Josiah and Mordecai, had accompanied their father to a
four-acre clearing in the woods, not far from the farmhouse they’d helped him build some
years before. Thomas watched his father guide the small plow as it scraped along behind
Ben, an aging draft horse that had been with the family since before the war. The blistering
sun had finally dipped below the horizon, leaving the Ohio River Valley in soft, blue-leaning
light, but it was still “hotter than a woodstove in hell,” and humid to boot. Abraham Sr. worked
without his shirt, letting the air cool his long, sinewy torso. Young Thomas rode on Ben’s
back, working the reins while his brothers followed behind, broadcasting seed. Waiting for the
welcome clang of the supper bell.
So far Abe knew every word. Next would come the part where they’d been startled by the
war cries of the Shawnee. The part where the old draft horse reared up and threw Thomas to
the ground. Where he ran into the woods and watched them gore his father to death. But the
Shawnee never came. Not this time. This was a new story. One that Abe paraphrased in a
letter to Joshua Speed more than twenty years later.
“The truth,” father told me in a half whisper, “is that your granddaddy wasn’t killed by any
man.”
The shirtless Abraham had been working the outer edge of his clearing, right up against
the tree line, when there was “a great rustling and cracking of branches” from the nearby
woods, no more than twenty yards from where he and his boys worked.
“Daddy told me to pull up on the reins while he gave a listen. It was probably nothing but a
few deer making their way, but we’d seen our share of black bears, too.”
They’d also heard the stories. Reports of Shawnee war parties preying on unsuspecting
settlers—killing white women and children without shame. Burning homes. Scalping men
alive. This was still contested land. Indians were everywhere. There was no such thing as an
excess of caution.
“The rustling came from a different part of the woods now. Whatever it was, it wasn’t any
deer, and it wasn’t alone. Daddy cussed himself for leaving his flintlock at home and started
unhitching Ben. He wasn’t about to let the devils have his horse. He sent my brothers
off—Mordecai to fetch his gun, Josiah to get help from Hughes’s Station.” *
The rustling changed now. The treetops began to bend, like something was jumping
across them, one to the other.
“Daddy hurried with the straps. ‘Shawnee,’ he whispered. My heart just about thumped a
hole in my chest at the sound of it. I followed those treetops with my eyes, waiting for a pack

of wild savages to run out of the woods, whooping and hollering and waving their hatchets. I
could see their red faces staring at me. I could feel my hair being pulled tight… my scalp being clipped off.”
Abraham was still struggling with the hitch when Thomas saw something white leap from a
treetop “some fifty feet up.” Something the size and shape of a man.
“It was a ghost. The way it flew above the earth. The way its white body rippled as it
moved through the air. A Shawnee ghost, come to take our souls for trespassing.”
Thomas watched it soar toward them, too frightened to yell. Too frightened to warn his
father that it was coming. Right above him. Right now.
“I saw a glint of white and heard a shriek that would’ve woke the dead a mile off. Old Ben
spooked, threw me in the dirt, and took off running wild, the plow hanging on by one strap,
bouncing around behind him. I looked up where Daddy’d been standing. He was gone.”
Thomas struggled to his feet with a head full of stars and (though he wouldn’t realize it for
hours) a broken wrist. The ghost stood fifteen or twenty feet away with its back to him. Standing over his father, patient and calm. Glaring at him like a God. Reveling in his helplessness.
“He wasn’t no ghost. No Shawnee, either. Even from the back, I could tell this stranger
wasn’t much more than a boy—no bigger than my brothers. His shirt looked like it’d been
made for somebody twice his size. White as ivory. Half tucked into his striped gray trousers.
His skin was damn near the same shade, and the back of his neck was crisscrossed with little
blue lines. There he stood, with not a twitch or breath to set him apart from a statue.”
Abraham Sr. was barely forty-two years old. Good genes had made him tall and broad
shouldered. Honest work had made him lean and muscular. He’d never seen the losing end
of a fight, and he sure as hell wouldn’t see it now. He got to his feet (“slow, like his ribs were
broke”), squared his body, and clenched his fists. He was hurt, but that could wait. First, he
was going to knock this little son of a—
“Daddy’s jaw went slack when he got a look at the boy’s face. Whatever he saw scared
the hell out of him.”
“What in the name of Chr—?”
The boy swung at Abraham’s head. It missed me. Abraham took a step back and lifted his
fists, but stopped short of throwing a punch. It missed. He felt a stinging on the left side of his
face. Didn’t it? A tingling under his eye. He lifted the tip of his index finger to his face… the
slightest touch. Blood began to run down in sheets, pouring out of the razor-thin slice that ran
from his ear to his mouth.
It didn’t miss.
These are the last seconds of my life.

Abraham felt his head snap backward. Felt his eye socket shatter. Light everywhere. He
felt the blood running from his nostrils. Another blow. Another. His son screaming somewhere. Why doesn’t he run? His jaw broken. His teeth knocked loose. The fists and the
screaming growing farther away. To sleep now… never to wake.
It held Abraham’s body by the hair, striking and striking until his forehead finally “caved in
like an eggshell.”
“The stranger wrapped his hands around Daddy’s neck and lifted him in the air. I cried out
again—sure he meant to strangle the last of him away. Instead he pushed those long thumbnails, those knives, through Daddy’s Adam’s apple and—pop—tore his neck open from the
middle. He held his mouth underneath the hole, guzzling like a drunk with a whiskey bottle.
Swallowing mouthfuls of blood. When it didn’t come quick enough, he wrapped an arm
around Daddy’s chest and hugged him tight. Squeezed his heart till the last ounce was
gone—then dropped him in the dirt and turned around. Looked dead at me. Now I understood. Now I knew why Daddy’d been so scared. It had eyes black as coal. Teeth as long and
sharp as a wolf’s. The white face of a demon, God strike me down if I lie. My heart thumped
away. My breath abandoned me. It stood there with its face covered in Daddy’s blood and it…
I swear to you it clutched its hands to its chest and… sang to me.”
It had the earnest, pitch-perfect voice of a young man. An unmistakable English accent.
When griping grief the heart doth wound,
And doleful dumps the mind oppress—
Then music, with her silver sound,
With speedy help doth lend redress. *
That such a sound could come from something so hideous—that its white face could wear
such a warm smile—it was all a cruel joke. Its song concluded, the demon gave a long, low
bow and ran into the woods. “Ran off till I couldn’t see a trace of white between the trees no
more.” Eight-year-old Thomas knelt over his father’s crooked, empty corpse. Every inch of
him shook.
“I knew I had to lie. I knew I could never tell a soul what I’d seen, lest they think me a fool,
or a liar or worse. What had I seen, anyway? I might have dreamed it for all I knew. When
Mordecai came running with the flintlock—when he demanded to know what happened—I
broke down crying and told him the only thing I could. The only thing he’d have believed—that
it was a Shawnee war party that killed our daddy. I couldn’t tell him the truth. I couldn’t tell him
it was a vampire.”
Abe couldn’t speak. He sat across from his drunken father, letting the occasional cracks of
burning wood fill the void.

I had listened to hundreds of his stories, some collected from the lives of others, some recounted from his own. But I had never known him to invent one, even in his present state.
Frankly I did not think his mind capable. Nor could I think of a sensible reason to lie about
such a thing. That left only one unsettling possibility.
“You think I’ve gone round the bend,” said Thomas.
It was precisely what I thought, but I gave no answer. I had learned to keep my mouth
closed on such occasions, rather than risk the angry misinterpretation of some innocent remark. I resolved to sit in silence until he sent me away or fell asleep.
“Hell, you’ve got every reason to.”
He took a swallow of last week’s work *
and looked at me with a softness I had never seen in him before. Putting everything else
aside for the moment and seeing the two of us, not as we were, but as we might have been in
some better life. Father and son. That his eyes presently filled with tears both astonished and
frightened me. I felt him pleading with me to believe. Yet I could not believe something so
foolish. He was a drunk telling a story. That was all.
“I’m telling you because you ought to know. Because you… deserve the truth. I’m telling
you that I’ve seen two vampires in my life. The first was in that field. The second…”
Thomas looked away, fighting back tears again.
“The second was named Jack Barts… and I saw him just before your mama died….”
Father had spent the summer of 1817 committing the sin of envy. He’d grown tired of
watching his neighbors reap kingly profits by planting wheat and corn on their land. He’d
grown tired of breaking his back to build the barns they used to get rich, while sharing in none
of the spoils. He felt, for the first time in his life, something like ambition. What he lacked was
capital.
Jack Barts was a squat, one-armed man with a taste for expensive clothes and a thriving
shipping business in Louisville. He was also one of the few Kentuckians in the business of
giving private loans. Thomas had done some work for him as a young man, loading and unloading flatboats on the Ohio River for twenty cents a day. Barts had always treated him
kindly and paid him promptly, and when they’d parted company, it had been with a handshake
and an open invitation to return. More than twenty years later, in the spring of 1818, Thomas
Lincoln took him up on that offer. With his hat in his hands and his head hung low, Thomas
sat in Jack Barts’s office and asked for a loan of $75—precisely the amount he needed to buy
a plow, a draft horse, seeds, and “everything else one needed to grow wheat, short of sunshine and rain.”
Barts, who looked “hale and hearty as ever in his one-sleeved violet coat,” agreed at once.
His conditions were simple: Thomas would return with $90 (the principal plus 20 percent in-

terest) no later than September 1st. Any profits earned above that were his to keep. Twenty
percent was more than twice what any respectable bank would’ve charged. But seeing as
Thomas didn’t technically own anything (having merely helped himself to his plot at Little Pigeon Creek), he had no collateral—and nowhere else to turn.
Father accepted the terms and went to work felling trees, pulling stumps, plowing sod, and
broadcasting seeds. It was grueling labor. In all, he planted seven acres of wheat by hand. If
he yielded thirty bushels an acre (a reasonable estimate), he would have enough to pay Barts
back, plus a little to get us through winter. Next year he would plant more. The year after that,
he would hire a hand to share the work. In five years’ time, we would own the largest farm in
the county. In ten years, the state. His last seed sown, father rested and waited for his future
to spring from the earth.
But the summer of 1818 proved the hottest and driest in anyone’s memory. When July arrived, there was nary a healthy stalk to be harvested anywhere in Indiana.
Thomas was ruined.
He had no choice but to sell the plow and horse for what little money he could. With no
crops to harvest, they weren’t worth much. Too ashamed to face Barts in person, Thomas
sent him $28, along with a letter dated September 1st (which he’d dictated to Nancy) promising to send the rest as soon as he could. It was the best he could do. It wasn’t good enough
for Jack Barts.
Two weeks later, Thomas Lincoln found himself pleading in whispers, each one visible in
the biting night air. He’d been roused from sleep only minutes before. Roused by something
brushing against his cheek. The sleeve of a blue silk coat. A handful of bank-notes, $28 in all.
The shape of Jack Barts standing over his bed.
Barts hadn’t come all this way to argue, merely to warn. He liked father. He had always
liked him. Therefore, he would give him three more days to find the rest of his money. It was
business, you see. If word got around that Jack Barts granted special favors to delinquent
borrowers, then others might think twice about paying him on time. And where would that
leave him? In the poorhouse? No, no. There was nothing remotely personal about it. It was
merely a matter of solvency.
They stood by the outhouse, lest their whispers wake anyone in the cabin. Barts asked
him one more time: “Can you have my money in three days?” Thomas hung his head again. “I
cannot.” Barts smiled and looked away. “Then…”
He turned back. His face was gone—a demon’s in its place. A window into hell. Black
eyes and white skin and teeth as long and sharp as a wolf’s God strike me down if I lie.
“… I’ll take it in other ways.”

Abe stared at his father through the fire.
Dread. Dread filled my stomach. My arms and legs. I was faint. Sick. I wished to hear no
more of this. Not tonight. Not ever. But father could not stop. Not when he was so close to the
end. The one that I had already guessed, but dared not believe.
“It was a vampire that took my daddy from me…”
“Stop…”
“Who took the Sparr—”
“Enough!”
“And it was a vampire who took your—”
“Go to hell!”
Thomas wept.
The very sight of him awakened some heretofore unknown hatred. Hatred of my father. Of
all things. He revolted me. I ran into the night for fear of what I might say; what I might do if I
were in his presence a moment longer. My anger kept me away for three days and nights. I
slept in the barns and outbuildings of neighbors. Stole eggs and ears of corn. Walked until my
legs shook from exhaustion. Wept at the thought of my mother. They had taken her from me.
Father and Jack Barts. I hated myself for being too small to protect her. I hated my father for
telling me such impossible, unspeakable things. And yet I knew they were the truth. I cannot
explain how I knew with such certainty, but I did. The way my father had hushed us when we
spun vampire yarns. The screams that had carried on the wind at night. My mother’s fevered
whispers about “looking the devil in the eyes.” Father was a drunk. An indolent, loveless
drunk. But he was no liar. During those three days of anger and grief, I gave into madness
and admitted something to myself: I believed in vampires. I believed in them, and I hated
them to the last.
When he finally came home (to a frightened stepmother and silent father), Abe didn’t say
a word. He made straight for his journal and wrote down a single sentence. One that would
radically alter the course of his life, and bring a fledgling nation to the brink of collapse.
I hereby resolve to kill every vampire in America.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter
III
Sarah had hoped Abe would read to them after supper. It was getting late, but there was a
good fire going, and more than enough time for a few pages of Jonah’s adventures or
Joseph’s coat of many colors. She loved the way Abe read them. Such life. Such expression
and clarity. He had a wisdom well beyond his years. Manners and sweetness seldom found in
a child. He was, as she would tell William Herndon after her stepson’s assassination, “the
best boy I ever saw or ever hope to see.”

But her Bible was nowhere to be found. Had she lent it to a neighbor and forgotten? Had
she left it at Mr. Gregson’s? She looked everywhere. She looked in vain. Sarah would never
see her Bible again.
Abe had burned it.
It was the rash act of an angry child, one that he would live to regret (though never
enough, it seems, to tell his stepmother the truth). Years later he would attempt to explain
himself:
How could I worship a God who would permit [vampires] to exist? A God that had allowed
my mother to fall prey to their evil? *
Either He was powerless to stop it, or He was complicit in it. In either case, He was undeserving of my praise. In either case, He was my enemy. Such is the mind of an angry eleven-year-old boy. One that sees the world as a choice between two disparate certainties. One
that believes a thing “must” be this way or that. I am ashamed that it happened, yes. But I
would not compound that shame by pretending that it did not.
With his faith in ruins, eleven-year-old Abe took his resolution a step further in this undated manifesto (c. August 1820):
Henceforth my life shall be one of rigerous [sic] study and devotion. I shall become
learned in all things. I shall become a greater warrior then [sic] Alexander. My life shall have
but one purpose. That purpose is to kill *
as many vampires as I can. This journal shall be where I write about killing vampires. No one
other then [sic] me shall read it.
His interest in books, which to date had merely been ravenous, became obsessive. He
walked more than an hour to the home of Aaron Stibel, a shoemaker who boasted a personal
library of some 150 volumes, twice a week to return an armful of books and borrow another
armful. He accompanied his stepmother to Elizabethtown whenever she visited a relative, sequestering himself in the Village Street home of Samuel Haycraft Sr., one of the town’s
founders, and the proud owner of nearly five hundred books. Abe read about the occult; found
mentions of vampires in European folklore. He compiled a list of their rumored weaknesses,
markings, and habits. It became common for stepmother Sarah to find him asleep at the table
in the morning, his head resting on an open page.
When he wasn’t improving his mind, Abe was hard at work improving his body. He
doubled his daily wood chopping. He built long, winding stone walls. He practiced throwing his
ax into a tree. First from ten yards. Then twenty. When stepbrother John invited him to play at
war, he jumped at the chance, and fought with a new intensity that left more than one neighbor boy’s lip bloodied. Based on the information he’d gathered in books, Abe whittled a dozen
stakes and made a quiver to carry them in. He fashioned a small crucifix (although he had de-

clared God his “enemy,” it appears that Abe wasn’t opposed to his help). He took to carrying
small pouches of garlic and mustard seed. He sharpened his ax until the blade “blinded all
who looked upon it.” At night, he dreamed of death. Of hunting down his enemies and driving
stakes through their hearts. Of taking their heads. Of glorious battle. Years later, as the
clouds of Civil War loomed on the horizon, Abe looked back at his youthful bloodlust.
There are but two types of men who desire war: those who haven’t the slightest intention
of fighting it themselves, and those who haven’t the slightest idea what it is. Of my youth I can
decidedly say that the latter was true. I ached for this “war” with vampires, knowing nothing of
its consequences. Knowing nothing of holding a dying friend in my arms or burying a child.
Any man who has seen the face of death knows better than to seek him out a second time.
But in the summer of 1821, these lessons were still years off. Abe wanted his war with
vampires, and after months of vigorous study and exercise, he was ready to launch the opening salvo.
He wrote a letter.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter
IV
Abe was uncommonly tall for a boy of twelve. He already stood shoulder to shoulder with
his father, who was himself considered tall at five-foot nine. Like his ill-fated grandfather, good
genes and years of toil had made him exceptionally strong.
It was a Monday, “the kind of summer day one finds only in Kentucky—shining and verdant; the breeze carrying warmth and dandelion seeds.” Abe and Thomas sat atop one of their
smaller outbuildings, making repairs to its winter-beaten roof. They worked in silence. Though
Abe’s hatred had cooled, he still found it difficult to be in his father’s presence. A journal entry
dated December 2nd, 1843 (not long after the birth of Abe’s own son, Robert), sheds some
light on the nature of his contempt.
Age has made me temperate in many things, but on this point I remain steadfast. His
weakness! His ineptness! He failed to protect his family. Thought only of his own needs, and
left others to their cost. Had he simply gathered us and fled to some far-off territory. Had he
merely asked our neighbors for some small advance against future work. But he did nothing.
Nothing but sit idly. Silently. Secretly hoping that somehow, by some miracle, his troubles
would simply disappear. No, it needs no further elaboration than this: had he been any other
man, she would be with me still. This I cannot forgive.
Thomas, to his credit, seemed to understand and accept his condemnation. He hadn’t
mentioned the word “vampire” since that night. Nor had he pressed Abe to talk.
Sarah had taken the girls to help her clean Mr. Gregson’s house that Monday afternoon,
and John was off fighting some imaginary war. The two Lincolns were at work on the roof

when a horse approached carrying a child on its back. A plump child in a green coat. Either
that or a very short man. A short man with dark glasses and… one arm.
It was Jack Barts.
Thomas put his hammer down, his heart just about thumping a hole in his chest at the
thought of what Barts could want now. By the time he climbed down and began walking to
meet their unexpected guest, Abe was already halfway to the cabin. Barts handed Thomas
his reins and dismounted with some difficulty, hanging on to the saddle horn with one arm
while his stout legs struggled to find the ground. Having done so, he found the fan in his coat
pocket and put it to use, cooling his face. Thomas couldn’t help but notice that there wasn’t a
bead of sweat on him.
“Simply dreadful… dreadfully, miserably hot.”
“Mr. Barts, I—”
“I must admit, your letter surprised me, Mr. Lincoln. A happy surprise, to be certain. But a
surprise nonetheless.”
“My letter, Mr. Ba—?”
“Had you written it earlier, perhaps the unpleasantness which transpired between us might
have been avoided. Terrible… terrible thing…”
Thomas was too confounded to notice Abe walking toward them with a long wooden object in his arms.
“You’ll forgive my haste,” said Barts, “but I should like to be off at once. I have business in
Louisville which must be attended to this evening.”
Thomas couldn’t think of a thing to say. Not a damned thing.
“Well? Do you have it, Mr. Lincoln?”
Abe joined them, cradling a long, hand-carved chest with a hinged lid. A tiny coffin for a
slender corpse. He stood beside his father, facing Barts. Towering over him. Leering at him.
“Strange,” said Abe, breaking the silence. “I hadn’t expected you during the day.”
Now it was Barts who found his brain tied in knots.
“Who is this child?”
“My son,” said Thomas, petrified.
“It’s here,” said Abe, raising the chest. “All of it. All one hundred dollars, just like the letter
said.”
Thomas was sure he’d misheard. Sure this was a dream. Barts looked at Abe, suspicious.
Bewildered. A smile spread over his face.
“My God!” said Barts. “For a moment I thought us all mad!”
Barts began to laugh. Abe opened the lid—just enough to slip his hand inside.

“Good boy,” said Barts, laughing heartily now. “Let us have it then.”
He reached his hand up and ran his thick fingers through my hair. I could think of nothing
but the way my mother had done the same when she read to me. I could think of nothing but
her sweet face. I glared down at this man. This creature. I joined him in laughter as my father
stood helpless—a fire spreading through my chest. I felt the wooden stake in my fingers. I
could do anything. I was a god.
These are the last seconds of your life.
I have no memory of driving it in—I only remember that I did. His laughter ceased and he
took an awkward step. His eyes turned black in the space of a single blink, as if the inkwells in
his pupils had suddenly shattered—the spill contained behind glass. His fangs descended,
and I could presently make out a faint blue web beneath his skin. It was true. Until that moment there had been room for doubt. But now I saw it with my own eyes. Now I knew.
Vampires were real.
His arm rose, and his stout little hand instinctively grabbed the stake. There was no fear in
his face yet. Merely a puzzlement, as if he was attempting to sort out just how such an object
could be attached to his body. He presently lost his footing and collapsed into a seated position, where he remained for a moment before falling the rest of the way onto his back. His
hand lost its grip on the stake, and the arm fell to his side.
I walked around him, wondering when he would strike. Wondering when he would laugh at
the futility of what I had done and cut me down. As I did, his eyes followed me. They were the
only things that moved now. There was fear in them. He was dying… and he was afraid. What
little color he had left him now—and rich, dark blood began to run from his nostrils; out the
sides of his mouth. A trickle at first… then a flood—running over his cheeks and pooling over
his eyes. More blood than I ever thought possible. I could see his soul (if indeed he had such
a thing) departing. Bidding an unexpected, frightening farewell to such a long, long life—one
undoubtedly filled with happiness, and agony, and struggle, and success. Filled with moments
too beautiful to share. Too painful to recall. It was all ending now, and he was so afraid. Afraid
of what nothingness awaited him. Or worse, what punishment.
And then he was gone. I expected my eyes to fill with tears. To feel remorse at the sight of
what I had done. I admit that I felt nothing. I only wished he had suffered more.
Thomas stood aghast. “Look what you’ve done,” he said after a sickened silence. “You’ve
killed us.”
“On the contrary… I’ve killed him.”
“More will come.”
Abe had already begun to walk away.

“Then I shall need more stakes.”
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter
THREE
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter
Henry
It is the eternal struggle between these two principles—right and wrong—throughout the
world. They are the two principles that have stood face to face from the beginning of time; and
will ever continue to struggle.
—Abraham Lincoln, debating Stephen A. Douglas
October 15th, 1858
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter

I
Southeastern Indiana was in the grip of fear during the summer of 1825. Three children had
gone missing over a six-week period beginning in early April. The first, a seven-year-old boy
named Samuel Greene, disappeared while playing in the woods near his family’s farm in
Madison, a thriving town on the banks over the Ohio River. Search parties were sent out.
Ponds dredged. But no trace of the boy was found. Less than two weeks later, before the
people of Madison had abandoned all hope of finding him alive, six-year-old Gertrude Wilcox
vanished from her bed in the middle of the night. Now alarm turned to panic. Parents refused
to let their children outdoors. Neighbors leveled accusations at neighbors, all while three
weeks passed without incident. Then, on May 20th, the third child was taken—not from
Madison, but from the town of Jeffersonville twenty miles downriver. This time the body was
found in a matter of days—along with two others. A hunter had made the gruesome discovery, following his dogs to a shallow wooded ditch where the three twisted corpses lay, hastily
covered with brush. Their bodies were unnaturally decomposed—almost completely devoid of
color. Each of their faces locked in an open-eyed mask of fear.
Abe Lincoln was sixteen years old that summer, and his resolution to “kill every vampire in
America” was off to an inauspicious start. His father’s fears had proved needless. No vampires ever came to avenge Jack Barts. In fact, in the four years since he’d staked Barts, Abe
hadn’t so much as seen another vampire, though not for lack of trying. He’d spent countless
nights chasing distant screams on the wind and keeping watch over freshly dug graves just in
case, as folklore suggested, a vampire came to feast on the corpse. But with nothing more
than old books and old myths to guide him, and a father unwilling to help, Abe spent those
four years in a constant state of frustration. There was little to do but keep up with his training.
He’d reached his full height of six feet four inches, every square centimeter of him lean
muscle. He could outwrestle and outrun most men twice his age. He could bury the head of
an ax in a tree from over thirty yards. He could pull a plow every bit as fast as a draft horse,
and lift a 250-pound log clean over his head.
What he couldn’t do was sew. After spending weeks trying to fashion himself a long
“hunting coat” only to see it fall to pieces after one or two wearings, he’d broken down and
paid a seamstress to do the job (he hadn’t asked his stepmother, for fear of raising the obvious question of what he needed such a coat for). The long black coat was lined with thick material over his chest and stomach, and inside pockets to store all manner of knives, cloves of
garlic, and a flask of holy water, which he’d blessed himself. He wore his quiver of stakes on
his back, and a thick leather collar, one that he’d commissioned from an Elizabethtown tanner, around his neck.

When word of those twisted corpses reached Little Pigeon Creek, Abe set off for the river
at once.
I told Father that I had found work on a flatboat bound for New Orleans, and that I would
return with $20 pay in six weeks’ time. I did so in spite of having received no such offer of
work, and despite having no idea where I would find the money. I could think of no other way
that Father would have permitted such a long absence.
Contrary to his infallibly “honest” image, Abe wasn’t above lying so long as it served a
noble purpose. This was the chance he’d ached for those four long years. The chance to test
his skills. His tools. The chance to feel the exhilaration of watching a vampire fade away at his
feet. Seeing the fear in its eyes.
There were far better trackers than Abraham Lincoln. Men with far more knowledge of the
Ohio River. But there was nary a human being in Kentucky or Indiana with a more extensive
knowledge of mysterious disappearances and unsolved murders.
When I heard a description of the bodies at Jeffersonville, I knew at once that a vampire
was responsible, and I had a very good notion of where it was going. I remembered reading
about a similar case in Dugre’s On the History of the Mississippi River—one that had confounded settlers almost fifty years prior. Children had gone missing from their beds in small
towns all along the river—beginning in Natchez, and continuing to Donaldsonville. North to
south. The bodies had been found in groups along the river, badly decomposed. Unnaturally
so—each with nothing more than small cuts on their appendages. Like that vampire, I was
willing to bet that this one was heading south with the current. Furthermore, I was willing to
bet that it was on a boat. And if it was on a boat, it would reach Evansville sooner or later.
That was where Abe lay in wait on the night of Thursday, June 30th, 1825, hiding behind
brush on the wooded banks of the Ohio.
The moon was blessedly full, revealing every detail of the night… the light fog rolling over
the river’s surface, the dewdrops on the leaves of my hiding place, the silhouettes of sleeping
birds on a tree branch, and the flatboat tied up not thirty yards from where I hid. It looked no
different from any of the small barges one saw up and down the river: forty feet by twelve;
fashioned from rough wooden planks; all but a third of its deck taken up by covered living
quarters—yet my eyes had been fixed on this particular boat for hours, for I was sure that
there was a vampire inside.
Abe had spent days watching the occasional flatboat come ashore at Evansville. He’d
scrutinized every man who had stepped onto land looking for the telltale signs he’d read so
much about: pale skin, avoidance of sunlight, fear of crosses. He’d even followed a few
“suspicious” boatmen as they went about their business in town. But none of this had yielded
anything. In the end, it was the flatboat that didn’t stop that drew his suspicion.

I had been close to retiring. The sun had all but set, and any boats upriver would be tying
up for the night. And then I saw it. The outline of a flatboat passed—barely visible in the darkness. It was curious that a boat would pass one of the busiest towns on this part of the river
without tying up. Even more curious that it would do so at night.
Abe ran along the river, determined to follow this strange boat (which as far as he could
see was being piloted by no one) for as long as he could.
Heavy rains had quickened the current, and I found it difficult to keep pace. The flatboat
continued to slip away, and when it disappeared around a bend in the river, I feared I had lost
it for good.
But after a half hour in a near flat-out sprint, Abe caught up. The boat had tied up on the
same bank a few miles outside of town, a small plank leading from its deck to the shore. He
set up a good distance away and began an all-night vigil. Hungry, exhausted hours passed,
but Abe kept his post.
I had been still for so long that I feared my legs might betray me when I needed them. But
I dared not strike until I saw him. Until I saw the creature emerge from his sleeping place. I
looked down at the ax in my hands to ensure that it was still there. I shook from the anticipation of watching it fly into his chest. Of seeing the fear on his face as the last of him left this
world.
There was a faint rustling of leaves and snapping of twigs from the north. Someone approached, walking through the woods along the bank. Abe steadied his breathing. He felt the
handle of the ax in his right hand. Imagined the sound it would make as it tore through skin,
and bone, and lung.
I had been waiting for the creature to emerge these long hours. It had never occurred to
me that the vampire might already be about. It mattered not. I readied my ax and waited to
get a look at him.
“Him” turned out to a small woman wearing a black dress and matching bonnet. The
shape of her body suggested she was quite old, though she walked along the uneven riverbank with ease.
The possibility of it being a woman had never entered my mind, much less an old one.
The madness of what I was doing suddenly rang clear. What evidence had I? What evidence
beyond a suspicion that this was the boat of a vampire? Was I merely going to kill whomever
it belonged to and hope that my theory proved correct? Was I prepared to take the head of
this old woman without being absolutely certain?
Abe didn’t have to agonize for long, for as she drew closer, he could see something in her
arms. Something white.

It was a child.
I watched as she carried him through the woods [and] toward the boat. He was no older
than five years, wearing a white sleeping gown—his arms and legs hanging freely. I could see
the blood on his collar. On his sleeves. I could not strike from such a distance, for fear that an
errant ax blade might kill the boy (if indeed he lived).
Abe watched the vampire reach the flatboat and start up the small plank, then stop
halfway up.
Her body became rigid. She smelled the air, as I had seen animals do when they caught
the scent of danger. She looked across the darkness to the opposite bank, then toward me.
Abe froze. Not a breath. Not a twitch. Satisfied there was no danger, the old woman continued up the plank and onto the flatboat.
A sickness came over me. A rage—directed more at myself than she. How dare I sit idly
and let this boy be taken? How dare I allow something as petty as fear—as insignificant as
my own life—keep me from what must be done? No! No, I should sooner die at her hands
than die from shame! I rose from hiding and ran toward the river. Toward the boat. She heard
my footfalls at once—seized on my direction and dropped the boy to the deck. Here! Here
was my chance! I raised my ax and let it fly. Watched it spin toward her. Despite all appearances to the contrary, she was quite nimble—moving from the path of my ax and condemning
it to the bottom of the Ohio River. I kept running, convinced that my strength and practice
would win the day yet. Convinced that there was no alternative. Reaching into my coat pockets, I found a hunting knife for each hand. She waited for me, those clawed fingers outstretched. Black eyes to match her bonnet. My feet hit the plank. I leapt at her, and she swatted me away as a horse’s tail swats a fly, sending me onto the deck and exorcising the air
from my lungs. I rolled onto my back, every ounce of me aching, and held the knives in front
of me to keep her at bay. These she grabbed by
their
blades and pulled from my hands—leaving me with nothing more than bare fists to defend
myself. I sprang to my feet and lunged at the wretched old demon, my fists flying wildly. I may
as well have been blindfolded—such was the ease with which she moved from the path of
each strike. All at once I felt a searing pain in my middle—one that nearly knocked me from
my feet and onto the sleeping boy below.
The force of the vampire’s fists had broken several of Abe’s ribs. He staggered as she hit
him in the stomach again… again. He coughed, sending flecks of blood flying onto her face.
Here she paused, dragging a foul finger across her cheek and touching it to her tongue.
“Rich,” she said with a smile. I struggled to keep my feet, knowing that if I fell again, it would
be for the last time. I thought of my grandfather—how his face had been crushed by the fists

of a vampire. How he had failed to land even one blow in return. I refused to meet the same
fate. I used her pause to my advantage, finding the last of the weapons in my coat, a small
knife. I threw myself at her with the last of my strength and thrust its blade into her belly. This
only improved her good humor, for she grabbed my wrist and dragged it along her gut, cutting
herself and laughing all the while. I felt my feet leave the deck; felt her hands on my throat. In
what seemed an instant, I was drowning. She held my head beneath the river—my back
pressed against the side of the boat. My feet kicking wildly. I could do nothing but look up into
her face. Her wrinkles smoothed by the water. Then thoughts turned from struggle, and a
strange joy infected me. It would all be over soon, and I would rest. Those black eyes changing shape above me as the water began to calm. As I began to calm. I would be with her
soon. It was night.
Then he came.
Abe was barely conscious when the old woman disappeared—pulled backward onto the
boat. Her hands no longer holding him down, he sank gently toward the bottom of the river.
I was pulled from the depths by the hand of God. Placed upon the deck of the tiny boat
next to a sleeping boy in a white gown. From this lowly vantage I watched the rest play
out—slipping in and out of sleep. I heard the woman scream: “Traitor!” I saw the outline of a
man struggling with her. I saw her head fall to the deck in front of where I lay. Her body was
not attached to it. And then I saw no more.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter

II
“And oftentimes, to win us to our harm, the instruments of darkness tell us truths, win us with
honest trifles, to betray—” *
I woke in a windowless room to a man reading by oil light. He was perhaps five-andtwenty—slender, with dark, shoulder-length hair. Upon seeing me wake, he stopped reading
and placed a marker in the pages of a thick leather volume. I asked the only question that
mattered. The one that had troubled my dreams.
“The boy… is he—”
“Safe. Placed where he will be found.”
His accent betrayed no particular origin. Was he an Englishman? An American? A Scot?
He sat beside me in an intricately carved high-back chair, one leg of his dark trousers folded
neatly over the other, the sleeves of his blue shirt rolled to the elbows, and a small silver
cross hanging around his neck. My eyes came around, and I traced the shape of the room by
the light of his oil lamp. Its walls seemed made from stones piled one on top of the other—the
space between them packed with clay. Each boasted no fewer than two gold-framed paintings; some as many as six. Scenes of bare-breasted native women carrying water from a
stream. Sun-soaked landscapes. A portrait of a young lady hanging beside a portrait of an old
one, their features remarkably similar. I saw my belongings carefully laid out on a chest in the
far corner of the room. My coat. My knives. My ax—miraculously rescued from the bottom of
the Ohio. Surrounding these, some of the most elegant furnishings I had ever seen. And
books! Stacks and stacks of books of every conceivable thickness and binding.
“My name is Henry Sturges,” he said. “This is my home.”
“Abraham… Lincoln.”
“The ‘father of many.’ A pleasure, indeed.”
I tried to sit up, but met with such pain as to bring me to the edge of fainting. I lay on my
back and looked down my chin. My chest and stomach were covered in wet bandages.
“You’ll forgive the intrusion on your modesty, but you were quite injured. Don’t be alarmed
by the smell, either. Your dressings have been steeped in an assortment of oils—all very
good for healing wounds, I assure you. Not as beneficial to the senses, I’m afraid.”
“How…”
“Two days and nights. I must say, the first dozen hours were rather tenuous. I wasn’t sure
you would ever wake. It’s a compliment to your health that you sur—”
“No… how did you kill her?”
“Ah. It wasn’t difficult, really. She was quite frail, you know.”

It seemed an absurd thing to say to one whose body had been shattered by her “frailty.”
“And, I might add, quite preoccupied with drowning you. In that regard I suppose I owe
you a debt of gratitude for distrac—may I ask you something?”
My silence proved a suitable substitute for “yes.”
“How many vampires have you slain?”
It was shocking to hear a stranger say the word. Until that day I had heard no one other
than my father speak of them as real creatures. I thought briefly of boasting, but answered
him honestly.
“One,” said Abe.
“Yes… yes, that seems about right.”
“And you, sir. How many have you slain?”
“One.”
I could make no sense of it. How could someone with such skill—who had so easily slain
a vampire—have so little practice?
“Are you… not a vampire hunter?”
Henry laughed heartily at the idea.
“I can say with certainty that I am not. Though it would be an interesting choice of trade, to
be sure.”
In my muddled state I was slow to get his meaning. As it dawned—as I felt the truth of it
sink into my skin, I was at once terrified and furious. He had killed the vampire woman. Not to
save me from death, but to save me for himself. Now there was no pain. Now there was only
the fire in my chest. I struck at him with all my strength—all my rage. But my arms were abruptly stopped on their way to his throat. He had fashioned bindings around my wrists. I
screamed wildly. Pulled at the restraints until my face turned red. A madman. Henry looked
on without so much as a blink of consternation.
“Yes,” said Henry. “I thought that might be your reaction.”
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter

III
For the next two days and nights, I refused to say a word. Refused to eat, or sleep, or look my
host in the eye. How could I, knowing that my life might end at any moment? Knowing that a
vampire (my sworn enemy! my mother’s murderer!) was never more than a few steps away?
How much of my blood had he tasted while I slept? I heard his shoes climb up and down a
wooden staircase. Heard the creaks and clangs of a delicate door being opened and shut. But
I heard nothing of the outside world. No birdsong. No church bells. I knew not when it was day
or night. My only measurement of time was the sound of the match striking. The woodstove
burning. The kettle boiling. Every few hours, he entered the room with a steaming bowl of
broth, sat by my bed, and offered to feed it to me. I promptly refused. My refusal being accepted with like promptness, Henry picked up a volume of The Selected Works of William
Shakespeare and continued reading where he’d left off. Such was our little game. For two
days, I refused to eat or listen. For two days, he continued to cook and speak. As he read, I
tried to occupy my mind with trivial thoughts. With songs or stories of my own creation. Anything but give this vampire the satisfaction of my attention. But on the third day, momentarily
bested by my hunger, I could not help but accept when Henry came offering a spoonful of
broth. I swore that I would only accept the first. Just enough to quiet the pain in my stomach,
nothing more.
Abe ate three bowlfuls without stopping. When he had finally eaten his fill, he and Henry
sat in silence “for what seemed an hour’s time,” until Abe finally spoke:
“Why haven’t you killed me?”
It sickened me to look at him. I cared not for his kindness. I cared not that he had saved
my life. Treated my wounds and fed me. I cared not who he was. Only what he was.
“And pray, what reason have I to kill you?”
“You are a vampire.”
“And so the rest of me is written? Have I not the mind of a man? Have I not the same
needs? To be fed and clothed and comforted? Judge us not equally, Abraham.”
Now it was I who could not help but laugh.
“You speak as one who does not murder to be ‘fed’! Whose ‘needs’ do not take mothers
from their children!”
“Ah,” said Henry. “And it was one of my kind who took her from you?”
All traces of reason left me. There was something about the ease with which he spoke of
it. The callousness. The madman returned. I struck at him, knocking the soup bowl to the
stone floor in the process. Shattering it. I would have torn his face off but for the bindings
around my wrists.

“Never speak of her! NEVER!”
Henry waited until my outburst had passed, then knelt on the floor and collected the
pieces of the shattered bowl.
“You must forgive me,” said Henry. “It has been quite a long time since I was your age. I
forget the passions of youth. I shall endeavor to choose my words more carefully.”
The last of the pieces in his hands, he stood and made to leave, but paused in the doorway.
“Ask yourself… are we so unalike, you and I? Are we not both unwilling servants of my
condition? Did we not both lose something significant to it? You a mother? I a life?”
With this he disappeared, leaving me to my anger. I shouted after him: “Why haven’t you
killed me!” His answer came calmly from the next room. “Some people, Abraham, are just too
interesting to kill.”
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter

IV
Abe healed with each passing day. He took food willingly, and listened to Henry read
Shakespeare with increasing interest.
Though the sight of him still held the power to incite anger or apprehension, this power
grew weaker as my body grew stronger. He loosened my bindings so that I could feed myself.
Left books by my bed so that I could read alone. The more I came to know of his mind, the
more I began to consider the possibility that he had no murderous designs on me. We spoke
of books. Of the great cities of the world. We even spoke of my mother. Mostly, we spoke of
vampires. On this subject I had more questions than words to ask them with. I wanted to
know everything. For four long years, I had stumbled in the dark—relying on assumptions,
and hoping that Providence alone would bring me face-to-face with a vampire. Here, at last,
was my chance to learn everything: How they could live on blood alone. Whether they had a
soul. How they came to exist at all.
Unfortunately, Henry didn’t have the answers to any of these questions. Like most vampires, he had spent a good deal of time obsessing over his “lineage” in an attempt to uncover
“the first vampire,” hoping the discovery would lead to some deeper truth, perhaps even a
cure. And like all before him, he had failed. Even the most resourceful vampires are only able
to go back two or three generations. “This,” explained Henry, “is a product of our solitary
nature.”
In truth, vampires rarely socialize—and almost never with their own kind. The scarcity of
easy blood breeds vicious competition, and their nomadic lifestyle makes it difficult to form
lasting bonds. In rare cases, vampires might work in pairs or packs—but these alliances are
usually born of desperation, and almost always temporary.
“As to our ancestry,” said Henry, “I am afraid that it shall forever remain shrouded in darkness. There are some who believe that we began as a wicked spirit or demon, passed from
one unfortunate soul to the next. A curse propagated through the blood. Others believe that
we owe our parentage to the devil himself. And there are more still, myself among them, who
have come to believe that our ‘curse’ never began at all—that vampires and man are merely
different animals. Two species that have existed side by side since Adam and Eve were expelled from paradise. One race gifted with superior ability and length of life; the other more
fragile and fleeting, but gifted with superior numbers. The only certainty is that we shall never
be certain.”
When it came to the experience of being a vampire, however, Henry was endlessly knowledgeable. He had a gift for explaining his condition in a way that I could grasp at such a
young age. A gift for humanizing the notion of immortality.

“Living men are bound by time,” he said. “Thus, their lives have an urgency. This gives
them ambition. Makes them choose those things that are most important; cling more tightly to
that which they hold dear. Their lives have seasons, and rites of passage, and consequences.
And ultimately, an end. But what of a life with no urgency? What then of ambition? What then
of love?
“The first hundred years are exciting ones, yes. The world is one of infinite indulgence. We
master the art of feeding—learning where to cast our net and how best to enjoy our catch. We
travel the world, beholding the moonlit wonders of civilization; amassing small fortunes by
stealing valuables from our countless victims. We fulfill every imaginable desire of the flesh…
oh, it’s all great fun.
“After a hundred years of conquest, our bodies are full to the point of bursting—but our
minds have been left to starve. By now, most of us have built a resistance to the ill effects of
sunlight. The world of the living, therefore, is no longer beyond our reach—and we are free to
experience all that darkness had kept from us in our first century. We pore through libraries,
dissecting the classics; see the world’s great works of art with our own eyes. We take up music and painting, write poetry. We return to our most beloved cities to experience them anew.
Our fortunes grow vaster. Our powers greater.
“By the third century, however, the intoxication of eternity has worn rather thin. Every imaginable desire has been fulfilled. The thrill of taking a life experienced again and again and
again. And though we have all the comforts of the world, we find no comfort in them. It is in
this century, Abraham, that most of us turn to suicide—either by starving ourselves, staking
ourselves through the heart, devising some method of taking our own heads, or, in the most
desperate cases, by burning ourselves alive. Only the very strongest of us—those possessing
exceptional will, and driven by a timeless purpose—survive into our fourth or fifth centuries
and beyond.”
That a man who had been freed from the inescapable fate of death would choose it for
himself—this I did not understand, and I told Henry as much.
“Without death,” he answered, “life is meaningless. It is a story that can never be told. A
song that can never be sung. For how would one finish it?”
Soon Abe was well enough to sit up in bed, and Henry was comfortable enough to do
away with his restraints altogether. Having failed to get answers to his more general vampire
questions, Abe turned to a bottomless well of specifics. On sunlight:
“When we are newly made, the slightest sunlight blisters our skin and renders us ill, much
the same way an excess of sunlight can sicken a man. Over time we become resistant to
these effects, and are able to walk freely during the day—so long as we stray from harsh light.
Our eyes, however, never adjust.”

On garlic:
“I’m afraid it merely makes you easier to perceive from a distance.”
On sleeping in coffins:
“I cannot speak for others, but I am quite comfortable in a bed.”
When Abe reached the question of how one becomes a vampire, Henry paused.
“I shall tell you how I came to be one.”
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter

V
Abe committed the following to his journal on August 30th, 1825, shortly after his return to
Little Pigeon Creek.
What follows is the story exactly as Henry related it to me. I have neither embellished, nor
withheld, nor verified any part of it. I merely duplicate it here so that some record of it exists.
“On 22nd July, in the year 1587,” Henry began, “three ships carrying 117 English souls
landed on northern Roanoke Island, in what is today called North Carolina.”
Among this teeming mass of men, women, and children was a twenty-three-year-old
blacksmith’s apprentice named Henry O. Sturges, average in height and build, with long, dark
hair to the middle of his back. He was joined by his new wife, Edeva.
“She was but a day younger and an inch shorter than I, with hair of the finest flaxen and
eyes a strange shade of brown. There has never been a more delicate, a more fetching
creature in all the annals of time.”
They had just experienced a harrowing voyage, one plagued by unseasonably bad weather and uncommonly bad luck. While there was nothing unusual about sickness and death on
an Atlantic crossing (sixteenth-century ships were typically moldy, rat-infested breeding
grounds for any number of air- or food-borne illnesses), the accidental demise of two people
on two separate occasions was ominous enough to raise alarm.
Both deaths occurred aboard the Lyon, the largest of the three-vessel caravan, and the
one personally captained by John White. White, a forty-seven-year-old artist, was handpicked
by Sir Walter Raleigh for the job of establishing a permanent English presence in the New
World. He’d been part of the first attempt to colonize Roanoke two years earlier—an attempt
that failed when the colonists, all men, ran desperately short of supplies and hitched a ride
back to England with Sir Francis Drake, who, as fate would have it, had decided to anchor
nearby during a break from raiding Spanish ships.
“This time ’round,” Henry said, “Raleigh’s plan was more ambitious. Instead of brusque
sailors, he sent young families. Families that would put down roots. Produce children. Build
churches and schoolhouses. It was his opportunity to build ‘a new England in the New World.’
For Edeva and me, it was an opportunity to leave a home that held little in the way of happiness. All told we were ninety men, nine children, and seventeen women, including John
White’s own daughter, Eleanor Dare.”
Eleanor, who was eight months pregnant, was joined by her husband, Ananias, aboard
the Lyon. She was an “uncommonly pretty” twenty-four-year-old, with a shock of red hair and
freckled face. One can only imagine the discomfort she felt as the 120-ton ship pitched about
in the oppressive July heat—heat that turned the innards of the ships into giant steam ovens.

“Even some of the surest-footed sailors found themselves green-faced and bent over the
railings when the seas kicked up and the sun beat down on us.”
The first of the two deaths occurred on Sunday, May 24th, a little more than two weeks
after the colonists set sail from Plymouth. A ship’s mate named Blum (or Bloom; Henry never
learned the correct spelling) had been in the crow’s nest at night, charged with keeping a
sharp eye out for distant silhouettes on the star-filled horizon. Spanish carracks—with a reputation for attacking and pillaging English ships—were a very real threat. Shortly after midnight,
the ship’s pilot, Simon Ferdinando (who’d already gained fame through previous expeditions
to Maine and Virginia), recalled hearing a “crash” on the main deck. Moments later, he found
himself standing over the lifeless body of Mr. Blum—whose neck was severely broken.
“Mr. Ferdinando thought it strange that an experienced sailor—particularly one who’d
sworn off drink—could’ve taken such a fall in calm seas. But such was life on the Atlantic. Accidents happened. Other than a few prayers for the unfortunate man’s soul, little was said
about Mr. Blum among the passengers and crew.”
Captain White recorded the matter rather succinctly and dispassionately in his log: Man
fell from crowe’s nest. Deade. Throwne overboarde.
“Had that been the only incident during our crossing, we might have counted ourselves
fortunate. But our nerves were tested again on Tuesday, June 30th—when Elizabeth Barrington vanished into the night forever.”
Elizabeth, an almost comically short, curly-haired girl of sixteen, had been literally dragged
aboard by her father and several shipmates, kicking, screaming, and biting the whole way. To
her, the Lyon was a prison ship.
Months earlier, she had fallen hard for a young clerk in her father’s law practice. Knowing
that the match would never warrant approval, the two young lovers carried on a secret affair,
the discovery of which caused a minor sensation in the Inns of Court and severely damaged
the reputation of her father among his fellow solicitors. Embarrassed, Mr. Barrington seized
the opportunity to start a new life across the Atlantic, and dragged his insolent daughter along
for good measure.
“That Tuesday, the weather grew ever violent as our caravan sailed into a wall of storm
clouds. By nightfall, all but a few deckhands had retreated below to escape the pounding wind
and rain. The ship was tossed so severely that Captain White ordered all candles snuffed, for
fear that the waves could knock one over and start a fire. With Edeva in my arms, I huddled in
total darkness below deck—felt the dizzying motion of the ship; heard the groans of wooden
planks and fellow passengers being sick. I know that Elizabeth Barrington had been there
with us when the lights went out. I had seen her myself. But she was not there in the morning.”

The storm had passed, and the sun had returned to its oppressive perch. Because Elizabeth often kept to herself below, it wasn’t until midmorning that anyone noticed her absence.
Passengers called her name but received no answer. A full search of the ship turned up nothing. A second search, which included bags of flour being emptied and barrels of gunpowder
sifted through, was likewise fruitless. She was gone. Captain White made another succinct
and dispassionate entry in his log: Girle fell overboarde in a storme. Deade.
“Privately, we all knew that the unhappy girl had taken her own life. That she had leapt into the sea and drowned. Prayers were said for her soul (though we knew it to be condemned
to hell—suicide being an unforgivable sin in the eyes of God).”
The last three weeks of their voyage were free of further accidents and blessed with better
weather. Even so, the sight of dry land was an especially welcome one. The colonists set
about felling trees, rebuilding abandoned shelters, planting crops, and making contact with
the natives—particularly the Croatoan, who’d welcomed the English in the past. But this time
their truce proved short-lived. Exactly one week after the first of John White’s ships landed on
Roanoke Island, one of his colonists, George Howe, was found facedown in the shallow waters of Albemarle Sound. He’d been fishing alone when a group of “savages” took him by surprise. White pieced the attack together based on the evidence at the scene. From his log:
These Savages being secretly hidden among high reedes, where oftentimes they find the
Deere asleep, and so kill them, espied our man wading in the water alone, almost naked,
without any weapon, save only a smal forked sticke, catching Crabs therewithal, and also being strayed two miles from his company, and shot at him in the water, where they gave him
sixteen wounds with their arrowes: and after they had slaine him with their wooden swords,
they beat his head in pieces, and fled over the water.
White concluded that Howe was shot with sixteen “arrowes” because the body had sixteen
small puncture wounds in it.
“In truth, no arrows were found in or near Mr. Howe. Governor White also omitted an important detail from his record—that the body had already begun to decompose, even though
Mr. Howe had only been dead several hours before being discovered.”
On August 18th, the colony turned its thoughts from the Croatoan and rejoiced at the arrival of its first baby, Virginia Dare—John White’s granddaughter. She was the first English
baby born in the New World, and like her mother, possessed a shock of red hair. The birth
was attended by the colony’s only doctor, Thomas Crowley.
“Crowley was a plump, balding man of fifty-six. Tall in stature, he had a kind, pockmarked
face, and a well-known love of jokes. For this and his skill as a physician he was held in high
regard, and few things gave him a greater thrill than making a patient forget his troubles in
laughter.”

Satisfied that his colony was off to a strong start (the unpleasantness of Mr. Howe’s demise notwithstanding), John White sailed back to England to report on their progress and
bring back supplies. He left behind 113 men, women, and children—including his infant
grandchild, Virginia. If all went well, he would return in several months with food, building materials, and goods to trade with the natives.
“All did not go well.”
A series of events conspired to keep John White in England for the next three years.
First, his crew refused to sail back during the dangerous winter months. The summer
crossing had been dangerous and deadly enough. Unable to find a replacement crew, White
endured what must have been a maddening, worrisome winter. By the time spring finally arrived, England was at war with Spain, and Queen Elizabeth needed every worthy ship at her
disposal. That included the vessels White had planned to take back to the New World. He
scrambled and found a pair of smaller, older ships that Her Majesty didn’t require. But shortly
into the voyage, both of these were captured and plundered by Spanish pirates. With no supplies left for his colonists, White turned around and headed back to England. The war with
Spain raged on for two more years, leaving John White stranded in his home country, endlessly frustrated. In 1590 (having given up on bringing back supplies), he was finally able to
secure passage on a merchant ship. On August 18th, his granddaughter Virginia’s third birthday, he set foot on Roanoke Island once again.
They were gone.
Every last man, woman, and child. His daughter. His baby granddaughter. The Barringtons. Gone. His colony had simply vanished into thin air. The buildings remained exactly as
they had been (though weather-beaten and overgrown). Tools and supplies were exactly
where they belonged. Surrounded by rich soil and abundant wildlife, how could they have
starved? If there was some kind of pestilence, where were the mass graves? If there was a
battle, where were signs? It didn’t make any sense.
There were only two clues of any note: the word “Croatoan” carved into one of the fence
posts of the perimeter wall, and the letters “CRO” carved into the bark of a nearby tree. Had
the Croatoan attacked the colony? It seemed unlikely. They would have burned it to the
ground, for one thing. And there would be bodies. Evidence. Something. White guessed (or
hoped, anyway) that the cryptic carvings meant the colonists, for whatever reason, had resettled on nearby Croatoan Island. But he wouldn’t get a chance to prove his theory. The
weather was taking a turn for the worse, and the crew of his merchant ship refused to remain
any longer. After three years spent trying to return, and only a few hours on dry land, he was
given a choice: return to England and try to mount another expedition, or be left to fend for
himself on a strange continent with no idea where his countrymen were—or if they were alive

at all. White sailed away, never to set foot in the New World again. He spent the rest of his
days haunted by grief, guilt, and above all, bewilderment over the disappearance of his 113
colonists.
“I think,” said Henry, “that it is better he never learned the truth.”
Shortly after Governor White’s first return to England, the people of Roanoke were beset
by a strange illness, which produced an acute fever in its victims. This fever led to delusions,
coma, and eventually death.
“Dr. Crowley thought the disease a native one. He was powerless to curb its effects. In the
three months following Governor White’s departure, ten of us succumbed to this plague. In
the three months after that, a dozen more. Their bodies were carried a distance into the
woods and buried, lest the sickness contaminate the soil near our settlement. We grew ever
more fearful that ours would be the next body carried off. A near-constant vigil was kept on
the island’s eastern shore, in hopes that sails would soon be spotted there. But none were. It
is likely that things would have continued thus, had not the hideous discovery been made.”
Eleanor Dare couldn’t sleep. Not while her husband fought for his life a mere fifty yards
away. She dressed, wrapped sleeping baby Virginia in a blanket, and walked through the
freezing air to Dr. Crowley’s building, resigned to spending a restless night by her husband’s
side in prayer.
“Upon entering, Mrs. Dare was met with the ghastly sight of Crowley with his mouth
around her husband’s neck. He withdrew and presented his fangs, drawing screams from her.
Thus alerted, several of our men ran into Crowley’s building with their swords and crossbows,
only to find the woman slaughtered, and the infant Virginia in the vampire’s claws. Crowley
warned the men to retreat. They refused. Having no knowledge of vampires, the men perished at once.”
Their screams woke the rest of the colonists, including Henry.
“I dressed and told Edeva to do the same, thinking it an attack by the natives. I charged into the night with my pistol determined to protect my home to the last. But on reaching the
clearing in the center of our village, I was met with an incredible sight. A terrifying sight.
Thomas Crowley—his eyes black, a pair of white razors in his mouth—tearing Jack Barrington in half, spilling his innards everywhere. I saw friends scattered on the ground. Some with
limbs missing. Some with heads missing. Crowley took notice of me and advanced. I leveled
my pistol and fired. The ball found its mark, piercing the center of his chest. But this failed to
slow him in the least. He continued to advance. I am not ashamed to admit that all courage
left me. I could think only of escape. Only of Edeva, and the unborn child in her belly.”
Henry turned and ran the fifty yards home as fast as he could. Edeva was already waiting
in the doorway, and he hardly slowed as he grabbed her hand and continued toward the tree

line. The coast. Let us make haste to the coas—
“I could hear him running behind us. Each step breaking the earth. Each one closer than
the last. We ran into the trees. Ran until our lungs burned—until Edeva began to slow, and I
felt his steps behind us.”
We will never see the coast.
“I remember none of it. Only that I woke on my stomach and knew at once that my
wounds were mortal. My body lay shattered—my limbs all but useless. Dried blood over my
eyes rendering me half blind. By the sound of Edeva’s labored breath, I knew that she was
even closer to the end than I. She lay on her side, her yellow dress stained with blood. Her
yellow hair matted with it. I dragged myself to her with two broken arms. Dragged my eyes
close to hers—open and distant. I ran my hand through her hair and simply looked at her.
Simply watched her breathing slow, all the while whispering, ‘Don’t be afraid, love.’ And then
she stopped.”
By sunrise, Crowley had dragged most of his fellow settlers into the woods. He’d been left
no alternative. Explaining a plague was easy. Almost as easy as explaining a man falling from
a crow’s nest, or a girl jumping overboard, or a fisherman being attacked by savages. But
screams in the night, followed by the disappearance of four men, a woman, and an infant?
That he couldn’t explain. They would question him. Discover him. And that, he couldn’t have.
One by one, he dragged their battered bodies away. Of his 112 fellow settlers, only one had
been spared his wrath.
Crowley had hesitated to kill Virginia Dare. A baby that he had personally delivered? The
first English soul born in the New World? These things had sentimental value. Besides, she
would have no memory of what had happened here, and a young female companion might
prove useful in the lonely years to come.
“He returned from the woods with the baby in his arms. I daresay he was surprised to see
me alive—though barely so—struggling to keep my feet while I carved the letters ‘CRO’ into a
tree with a knife. My dying effort to expose the identity of my murderer. Of my wife and child’s
murderer. His shock subsided, Crowley could not help his laughter, for I had unwittingly given
him a brilliant idea. Setting the baby down and taking my knife, he carved the word “Croatoan”
onto a nearby post, all the while smiling at the thought of John White massacring scores of
unsuspecting natives in retaliation.”
Crowley prepared to take Henry’s head. But here he hesitated again.
“He was suddenly struck by the realization that he would then be the only English-speaking man for three thousand miles in any direction—a lonely prospect for one with
such a love of jokes. Who, then, to laugh at them? I watched him kneel over me and cut his
wrist with a fingernail, letting the blood spill over my face and into my mouth.”

Crowley buried the last of the colonists and headed south toward the Spanish territories,
carrying a crying baby in one arm and the half-dead body of a young Henry in the other.
Soon, after the sickness and the hallucinations passed—after his bones mended themselves—his companion would open his eyes to a new life in a New World. But first, Thomas
Crowley would celebrate by feasting on the first English blood born to it.
He had decided to feast on Virginia Dare.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter

VI
Twenty-one days after Henry carried him into the house unconscious, Abe was well enough
to leave his room and take a tour.
I was astonished to find that my windowless room was, in fact, part of a windowless
house. A house dug entirely out of the earth—its walls and floors meticulously lined with stone
and clay. A kitchen where he had prepared my food on the woodstove. A library where he had
replenished my supply of books. A second bedchamber. All lit by oil light, and all decorated
with elegant furnishings and gold-framed paintings, as if Henry thought these his windows to
the outside world.
“This,” said Henry, “this has been my purpose these past seven years. Building this home,
one shovelful of dirt at a time.”
All four rooms centered on a small stairwell. Here was the only place lit in part by the sun,
its soft light streaming down from above. Here were the wooden stairs that I had heard Henry
climb up and down, up and down, countless times. We followed them up to a flimsy wooden
door—sunlight squeaking through the cracks. Opening it and stepping through, I was surprised to find myself standing in a small log cabin. This was modestly furnished, complete
with a working woodstove, rug, and bed. Henry donned a pair of spectacles with dark lenses
as we stepped into the day. Now I could see the genius of his design, for from the outside, his
home looked nothing more than a modest cabin on a lonely wooded hillside. “Shall we, then?”
asked Henry.
So began the only real schooling Abraham Lincoln ever had.
Every morning for the next four weeks, Abe and Henry climbed the stairs to the false cabin. Every day, Henry taught him something more about finding and fighting vampires.
Every night, theory was put into practice as Henry challenged Abe to hunt him in the dark.
Gone were my cloves of garlic and flasks of holy water. Gone were my knives. What remained were my stakes, my ax, and my mind. It was this last weapon which Henry spent the
majority of his time improving—teaching me how to hide from a vampire’s animal senses.
How to use its quickness to my advantage. How to drive it from hiding, and how to kill it
without putting my limbs (and neck) at risk. But for all of Henry’s lessons, nothing was more
valuable than the time we spent trying to kill each other. At first I had been astonished by his
speed and strength—convinced there was no way I would ever be its equal. Over time,
however, I noticed that it took him longer and longer to subdue me. I even found myself landing the occasional strike. Soon, it was not uncommon for me to best him three times out of
ten.
“I find myself in a curious position,” said Henry after Abe had managed to pin him one
night. “I feel rather like a rabbit that has taken a fox for its pupil.”

Abe smiled.
“And I like a mouse who has taken a cat for its tutor.”
Early autumn came, and with it an end to Abe’s stay. He and Henry stood outside the
false cabin in the morning sun—Henry with his dark glasses, Abe carrying a few belongings
and food for his journey. He was already weeks overdue at Little Pigeon Creek, and likely to
get a thrashing from his father for coming home without the money he’d promised to earn.
Henry, however, saw fit to remedy this with a gift of twenty-five dollars—five more than I’d
promised my father. Naturally, pride demanded I refuse this gift as too generous. Naturally,
Henry’s pride demanded I accept it. I did, and thanked him profusely. There was much I had
thought of saying at this moment: Thanking him for his kindness and hospitality. Thanking him
for saving my life. For teaching me how to preserve it in the future. I thought of apologizing for
the harshness with which I had first judged him. However, none of this proved necessary, for
Henry quickly extended a hand and said, “Let us say good-bye, then say no more.” We shook
hands, and I was off. But there was something I had forgotten to ask. Something I had
wondered since we first met. I turned back to him: “Henry… what were you doing at the river
that night?” He looked strangely stern upon hearing this. More so than I had seen him the
whole of my stay.
“There is no honor in taking sleeping children from their beds,” he said, “or feasting upon
the innocent. I have given you the means of delivering punishment to those who do… in time,
I shall give you their names.”
With that, he turned and walked back toward the cabin.
“Judge us not equally, Abraham. We may all deserve hell, but some of us deserve it sooner than others.”
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter
FOUR
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter
A Truth Too Terrible
The Autocrat of all the Russias will resign his crown, and proclaim his subjects free republicans sooner than will our American masters voluntarily give up their slaves.
—Abraham Lincoln, in a letter to George Robertson
August 15th, 1855
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter
I
My dear sister is gone….
In 1826, Sarah Lincoln had married Little Pigeon Creek neighbor Aaron Grigsby, six years
her senior. The couple had moved into a cabin close to both of their families, and within nine

months announced that they were expecting a child. Shortly after she went into labor, on
January 20th, 1828, Sarah had begun to lose an unusual amount of blood. Rather than fetch
help, Aaron had tried to deliver the baby himself, too frightened to leave his wife’s side. By the
time he’d realized how grave the situation was and run for a doctor, it was too late.
Sarah was twenty years old. She and the stillborn baby boy were buried together in the
Little Pigeon Baptist Church Cemetery. On hearing the news, Abe sobbed uncontrollably. It
was as if he’d lost his mother all over again. On hearing the details of his brother-in-law’s hesitation, Abe’s grief was joined by rage.
The no-good son of a bitch let her lie there and die. For this I shall never forgive him.
“Never” turned out to be only a few short years. Aaron Grigsby died in 1831.
By the time he turned nineteen, Abraham Lincoln had covered nearly every inch of every
page in his journal with ink (in ever-smaller lettering as he neared the end). It held seven
years of remarkable records. Insights into his disdain for his father. His hatred of vampires.
Accounts of his earliest battles with the walking dead.
It also held no fewer than sixteen folded letters between its pages. The first had arrived
barely a month after Abe left Henry’s cabin and returned to Little Pigeon Creek.
Dear Abraham,
I trust this finds you well. Below is the name of someone who deserves it sooner. You will
find him in the town of Rising Sun—three days upriver from Louisville. Do not construe this
letter as an expectation of action. The choice is yours, always. I merely wish to offer the opportunity for continued study, and provide some small measure of relief for the injustices done
you, as you will no doubt seek their redress on your own.
Beneath this was the name Silas Williams and the word “cobbler.” The letter was signed
only with an H. Abe rode to Rising Sun a week later, telling his father that he was off to Louisville to look for work.
I had expected to find the place plagued by a rash of disappearances or pestilence of
some sort. However, the people seemed in excellent spirits, and their town in excellent health.
I walked among them with my weapons hidden beneath my long coat (for it had occurred to
me that the sight of a tall stranger with an ax might engender concern among the citizenry). I
intruded upon the kindness of a passerby, and asked where I might find the local cobbler, for
my shoes were very badly worn. Having been directed to a modest shop not more than fifty
yards away, I entered and found a bearded, bespectacled man hard at work—his walls
covered with worn and dismembered shoes. He was a meek creature of some five-and-thirty
years, and he was alone. “Silas Williams?” I asked.
“Yes?”

I cut his head off with my ax and left.
When his head fell to the floor, his eyes were as black as the shoes he had been polishing. I have not the faintest idea what his crimes were, nor do I care. I care only that there is
one less vampire today than there was yesterday. It is strange, I admit, to think that I owe this
fact to a vampire. However, it has long been said that “my enemy’s enemy is my friend.”
Fifteen more letters arrived in Little Pigeon Creek over the next three years, each with
nothing more than a name, a place, and that unmistakable H.
There were times that two would arrive in as many months. There were times that none
arrived for three months’ time. Regardless of when they came, I always set out as soon as my
work would allow. Each hunt brought new lessons. New improvements to my skills and tools.
Some were as effortless as the beheading of Silas Williams. Others saw me lying in wait for
hours on end or posing as prey—only to turn the tables when the vampire attacked. Some required a day’s ride or less. Others took me as far as Fort Wayne and Nashville.
FIG. 12 - ABE STANDS AMONG HIS VAMPIRE VICTIMS IN A PAINTING TITLED ‘THE
YOUNG HUNTER’ BY DIEGO SWANSON (OIL ON CANVAS, 1913).
No matter how long the journey, he always carried the same items with him.
In my bundle I carried whatever food I could, a pan for frying pork, and a pot for boiling
water. These were wrapped in my long coat, which I had paid a seamstress to further alter by
removing the inside pockets and sewing a thick leather lining in their place. The whole was
tied to the handle of my ax, which I kept sharp enough to shave my whiskers. I added a crossbow to this little arsenal, too, one that I had fashioned myself using the drawings in a borrowed copy of Weapons of the Taborites as my guide. I continued to practice with it when
time allowed, but dared not wield it in battle until my skills were much improved.
While hunting vampires offered a surplus of vengeance, it paid nothing in the way of real
money. As a young man, Abe was expected to help provide for his family. And in keeping with
customs of the time, any wages he earned belonged to his father until his twenty-first birthday. As one might imagine, this didn’t sit well.
The idea of handing my earnings to such a man! Of my labor rewarding his lack thereof.
Of doing anything to benefit one so shiftless. So selfish and cowardly! It is no more than indentured servitude!
Abe was always looking for a job, whether clearing trees, hauling grain, or ferrying passengers from the banks of the Ohio to waiting steamboats on a scow of his own construction.
*
In early May 1828, when Abe was still reeling from his sister’s death, a job came looking for
him for a change. One that would change his life.

James Gentry owned one of the largest and most prosperous farms around Little Pigeon
Creek. He’d been an acquaintance of Thomas Lincoln for the better part of ten years and was
unlike him in just about every imaginable way. Naturally, Abe had always looked up to him on
account of this. For his part, Gentry had come to admire the tall, hardworking, and modest
Lincoln boy. His own son Allen was a few years older than Abe, but a pinch less mature. The
industrious farmer wanted to expand his reach (and his profits) by selling his corn and bacon
downriver in Mississippi, where sugar and cotton were king, but where other goods were in
great demand.
Mr. Gentry asked if I would join Allen in building and piloting a flatboat of his goods downriver—stopping in Mississippi and points south to sell quantities of corn, pork, and other sundries. For this he would pay me the sum of eight dollars each month, and purchase my
steamboat ticket home from New Orleans.
It’s likely Abe would have accepted this job even if there’d been no promise of money. It
was a chance to escape. A chance for adventure.
He put his ax (and in fairness, the carpentry skills he’d learned from his father) to work
building a sturdy, forty-foot flatboat from green oak, cutting each plank and fastening it to his
frame with wooden pegs. He built a shelter in the middle of the deck, which he made big
enough so that he could stand inside without fear of hitting his head on the ceiling. Inside
were two beds, a small stove, and a lantern as well as four small windows that could be shut
“in the event of attack.” Finally he coated the seams with pitch *
and fashioned a steering oar. **

At the risk of sounding proud, I must say that she turned out rather well considering that
she was the first I had ever built. Even when we burdened her with ten tons of goods, she
drew less than two feet of water.
Allen and Abe launched their fully loaded flatboat on May 23rd. It was to be a journey of
more than a thousand miles. For Abe, it was to be his first glimpse of the Deep South.
We battled winds and currents, and kept an ever-vigilant eye on the river ahead. On many
occasions, we were forced to free our modest vessel from mud or brush after running
aground on a bank. We filled our bellies with the endless reserves of corn and pork on board,
and washed our clothes in the ever-present Mississippi when they grew offensive. For weeks
this continued. Sometimes we covered as many as sixty miles in a day, sometimes thirty or
less.
The young men would holler with excitement when they crossed paths with a steamboat,
those miraculous, gleaming stern-wheelers puffing and splashing their way against the cur-

rent. Their excitement would build at the sight of distant smoke rising from the river ahead,
then crescendo as they approached and passed, shouting greetings and waving to passengers, pilots, and clerks.
The noise of engines and churning water. Black smoke rising from its chimney and white
steam from its pipes. A boat that could take a man all the way from New Orleans to Louisville
in under twenty-five days. Were there any limits to the ingenuity of man?
This excitement having quieted, they would float for miles with nary a sound.
It was a sort of peace I have rarely enjoyed since. As if we were the only two souls on
earth—all of nature ours to enjoy. I wondered why a creator who had dreamt such beauty
would have slandered it with such evil. Such grief. Why He had not been content to leave it
unspoilt. I still wonder.
When the sun dipped out of sight, Allen and Abe would start looking for a suitable place to
anchor—a town, if possible. One night, not long after they’d passed through Baton Rouge,
Lincoln and Gentry tied up on the Duchesne Plantation, securing the flatboat to a tree with
rope. As was their routine, the young men fried their supper, checked to see if the ropes were
secure, and adjourned to their shelter. Here they would read or talk until their eyes grew
weary, snuff their lantern, and sleep in perfect darkness.
I woke with a start and reached for the club that I kept near. Springing to my feet, I saw
the trace of two figures in the doorway. I daresay they were a good deal surprised at my
height—and a good deal more surprised by the ferocity with which I bludgeoned them about
the head. I chased them (bludgeoning my own head on a crossbeam as I did) out onto the
deck, where the moon revealed them in full. They were Negroes—seven in all. The other five
were busily trying to untie our boat. “Off with you devils!” I cried, “before I brain the lot of you!”
To make them know my sincerity, I cracked another across his ribs, and raised my club to
crack another. This proved unnecessary. The Negroes fled. As they did, I chanced to see a
broken pair of leg irons around one of their ankles, and knew the truth at once. These were no
common thieves. They were slaves. Likely escaped from this very plantation and looking to
throw off the scent of the dogs by making off with our boat.
Gentry was roused by the commotion and helped Abe chase the remaining slaves into the
woods. Satisfied they wouldn’t return for the moment, they cut the flatboat loose and took
their chances navigating the Mississippi at night.
We set out, Allen holding our lantern at the bow and squinting into the night, me working
the steering oar from atop our shelter, trying to keep us dead down the middle. I could not
help but steal a look back at the bank, and as I did, I saw a white figure running toward the
river from the plantation. Here was the first of the overseers come to reclaim his slaves. But
this man, this tiny white figure, did not stop running at the river’s edge. He jumped to the op-

posite bank in one long, impossible leap. They did not run from men or dogs.
They ran from a vampire.
I thought briefly of steering us into the muddy bank. Of taking the bundle from under my
bed and giving chase. I cannot say whether I thought the attempt hopeless, or the victims
worthless. I can say only that I did not stop. Allen (it now dawning on him how perilously close
he had come to having his throat cut) presently let forth a stream of profanity the likes of
which I had never heard, and much of which I did not understand. Cursing himself for failing
to bring a musket along. Condemning “those murderous sons of bitches.” I remained silent—focused only on keeping us dead down the middle. I could not bring myself to hate our
attackers, for it occurred to me that they were merely trying to preserve their lives. In doing
so, they had thought it necessary to deprive me of mine. Allen went on. Something about “nogood black” something or others.
“Judge them not equally,” I said.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter
II
Allen and Abe reached New Orleans at midday on June 20th, twisting round the evertightening bends of the Mississippi as they neared its center, where they would be able to sell
their remaining goods (and sell their boat for lumber) at any number of busy wharves. A light
rain greeted them, welcome relief from the oppressive humidity that had dogged so much of
their trip downriver.
The north of the city presented itself first—sprawling and lively. Farms became houses.
Houses became streets. Streets became two-story brick buildings with iron railings on their
balconies. So many sailing ships! So many steamboats! Flatboats numbering in the hundreds,
all clamoring for their little piece of the great river.
New Orleans was a city of 40,000, and the South’s gateway to the world. Walking along its
wharves, one was likely to encounter sailors from every corner of Europe and South America—even some from the Orient.
We could not be rid of our cargo quickly enough. How we longed to explore this city of
endless wonders! I was all astonishment, for I had never in my life seen such multitudes—their tongues dripping with French and Spanish phrases. Ladies fanning themselves
in the latest fashions, and gentlemen clad from head to toe in suits of the highest quality.
Streets filled with horses and carts; merchants selling every ware imagined. We strolled the
rue de Chartres; beheld the Basilica of St. Louis in Jackson Square, so named for our president’s heroic defense of the city. Here, teams of men and mules dug trenches for gas pipes.
When their months of work were finished, one of them proudly sang, the city would “gleam
like a sparkling jewel in the night, with nary a torch or a candle in sight.”

Abe was struck by the liveliness of the city and its people. He was also struck by the age
of the things around him.
I imagined myself conveyed to those places in Europe that I had so often read about.
Here, for the first time in my life, were homes with ivy-covered walls. Here were men of letters. Architecture and art. Here were vast libraries filled with eager students and appreciative
patrons. Here were all the things that my father would never understand.
Marie Laveau’s boardinghouse on St. Claude Street was hardly the most impressive of the
city’s Spanish-style buildings, but it was good enough for a pair of Indiana flatboatmen to rest
their heads for a week.
There was a saloon not far from Mrs. Laveau’s where one could have his fill of rum or
wine or whiskey. Flush with money from selling our goods and our boat, and flush with the excitement of being in such a city for the first time, I admit we indulged in these—more even
than a pair of young, foolish men should have. The saloon was overfilled with sailors from all
parts of the world. Flatboatmen from every point on the Mississippi, Ohio, and Sangamon. A
brawl seemed to break out every third minute. It is a wonder they did not break out more frequently.
Surly boatmen weren’t the only strange characters Abe encountered during his first
twenty-four hours in New Orleans. The following morning, as he and Allen stumbled through
the streets in search of an inoffensive breakfast—clutching their aching heads and shielding
their eyes from the sun—Abe spotted something incredible coming toward them on Bienville
Street.
… a coach of lustrous white, pulled by a pair of white horses, and driven by a boy wearing
a coat of the same color. Behind him sat a pair of gentlemen: one cherubic and red-cheeked,
his suit an unremarkable blend of greens and grays. The other wore a suit of white silk, a
complement to his fair skin and long white hair. His eyes hidden behind dark glasses. He was
as obvious a vampire as I had ever laid eyes upon, and by all appearances, the wealthiest.
Elegant and refined. Unencumbered by shadows. Free to mingle as he pleased. And laughing. He and the living gentleman were in the midst of what looked a very cheerful conversation. I could think only of staking him through the heart as his coach neared. Of chopping off
his head. How the blood would look against the white silk of his coat! Alas, I could only watch
him—restrained by the absence of weapons and the presence of an aching head. The whitehaired vampire gave me a knowing look as he passed. And then the strangest feeling… the
feeling of invading eyes reading the pages of my journal. The sound of a voice with no
source…
Judge us not equally, Abraham.

They turned onto Dauphine Street and were gone. But the feeling of invading eyes remained. This time the source was plain as day. I spotted a pale little fellow across the street,
half hidden in an alley, his eyes unquestionably fixed on me. He was dressed entirely in black,
with a mess of hair to match, and a small mustache beneath his dark glasses. Unmistakably a
vampire. Seeing that he had been discovered, the figure turned and disappeared into the alley. This I could not leave uninvestigated! Aching head be damned! I left my friend to his own
stumbling and hastened after the stranger—chasing him down the alley to Conti Street, then
across Basin Street, where the devil sought refuge behind the cemetery *
walls. I had been no more than ten paces behind him, but on reaching the gates I perceived
him not. He had vanished. Lost in a maze of crypts. I wondered if he had simply slipped into
one of them; wondered how many vampires were—
“And what mean you by chasing me so, sir?”
I spun around and raised my fists. He was behind me—his back against the inside of the
cemetery wall, clever devil. Staring at me, his dark glasses in his fingers. His tired eyes and
high forehead.
“ ‘Chasing’ you, sir?” I said. “What meant you by running?”
“Well, sir, the manner in which you shielded your eyes from the light… the familiar glance
you shared with the gentleman in the coach… I thought you a vampire.”
I could scarcely believe what I had heard.
“You thought me a vampire?” he asked. “But I…”
A smile grew over the little man’s lips. He looked at the dark glasses in his fingers; at the
look on this tall stranger’s face. He began to laugh.
“I believe us both guilty of grave misjudgments.”
“Forgive me, sir, but… am I to understand that you are not a vampire?”
“Regrettably, no,” he said, laughing, “or I should still have my breath.”
I offered my apology and extended my hand. “Abe Lincoln.” The little man took it.
“Edgar Poe.”
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter
III
Abraham Lincoln and Edgar Allan Poe were born within weeks of each other. Both lost
their mothers as children. Otherwise, their upbringings couldn’t have been more different.
After his mother’s death, Poe had been taken in by a wealthy merchant, John Allan (who
dealt in slaves, among other commodities). Whisked away from his native Boston, he’d been
thoroughly educated in some of England’s finest schools. He’d seen the wonders of Europe
that Abe could only read about in books. Around the time Abe swore his vengeance against
vampires and staked Jack Barts through the heart, Edgar Allan Poe returned to America, set-

tling with his adoptive father in Virginia and enjoying all the luxuries associated with belonging
to one of its wealthiest families. Poe had everything Abe could ever want: The finest education. The finest homes. More books than he could count. A father with no want of ambition.
But he and Abe were equally miserable creatures.
As a first-year student at the University of Virginia, Poe drank and gambled away every
penny his foster father sent him, until John Allan finally cut him off. Enraged and abandoned,
he fled Virginia for Boston and enlisted in the army under the name Edgar A. Perry, loading
artillery shells by day, and writing ever-darker stories and poems by candlelight. It was here,
while stationed in the city of his birth, that Edgar Allan Poe met his first vampire.
Using his own money, Poe published a short collection of poems, identifying himself only
as “A Bostonian” on its cover (for fear of being mocked by his fellow enlisted men). Of the fifty
he paid to have printed, fewer than twenty sold. Notwithstanding this poor reception, one
reader saw a particular genius in Poe’s collection, and bribed its printer to learn the author’s
true identity. “It was shortly [after this] that I was visited upon by a Mr. Guy de Vere—a widower of considerable means. He explained how he had come to learn my name, and that he
had been much affected by my work. He then demanded to know what a vampire was doing
serving in the army.”
Guy de Vere was convinced that only a vampire could have written poems with such an
outlook on death and grief. Poems of such darkness and beauty.
“He was surprised, then, to find a living man their creator. I was likewise surprised to find
myself speaking to a man who was no longer living.”
Poe was endlessly fascinated by the stately, bloodsucking de Vere, and de Vere by the
gloomy, brilliant Poe. The two struck up a tenuous friendship, much as Henry and Abe had
done. But Poe wasn’t interested in learning about vampires to better hunt them—he wanted to
know about the experience of living in darkness, of moving beyond death, so that he could
better write about it. De Vere was all too happy to oblige (with the understanding that Poe
would never reveal his identity in print). *
Several months after making de Vere’s acquaintance, Poe’s regiment was assigned to
Fort Moultrie in South Carolina. With no city to satisfy his appetite for culture, and no means
of satisfying his thirst for further vampire knowledge, the army suddenly seemed a prison.
Therefore he had decided to grant himself an “unofficial leave” and come to New Orleans
for the stated purpose of “studying vampires”—for de Vere had insisted there was “not a better place in America to do so.” Judging by the number of times he filled and emptied his whiskey glass, he had also come to drink himself to death. We sat that evening in the saloon near
Mrs. Laveau’s. Allen Gentry had gone off to “consort with ladies of a certain character,” leav-

ing us free to talk on that subject we enjoyed most, but dared not discuss freely. We spoke
well into the night, sharing everything we had read, and heard, and witnessed firsthand regarding vampires.
“How then do they learn to feed?” asked Abe as the barkeep swept the empty tavern
around them. “How do they know to shy away from the su—”
“How does a calf know to stand? A honeybee to… to build a hive?”
Poe took another drink.
“It is their nature, beautiful and simple. That you would destroy such beings, Mr. Lincoln,
such superior creatures, seems madness to me.”
“That you speak of them with such reverence, Mr. Poe, seems madness to me.”
“Can you imagine it? Can you imagine seeing the universe through such eyes? Laughing
in the face of time and death—the world your Garden of Eden? Your library? Your harem?”
“Yes. I can also imagine a want of companionship, and a want of peace.”
“Well, I can imagine a want of nothing! Think of the fortune one could amass, the comforts
one could afford, the wonders of the world one could see at his leisure!”
“And when this intoxication has worn away… when every desire is fulfilled and every language learned—when there are no more distant cities to explore; no classics to be studied;
not another coin to be stuffed into one’s coffers—what then? One can have all the comforts of
the world, but what use are they if there is no comfort in them?”
Abe shared a folktale, one that he had first heard from a traveler on the Old Cumberland
Road.
There was once a man who yearned to live forever. Beginning in his youth, he prayed for
God to grant him immortality. He was charitable and earnest, honest in his business dealings,
true to his wife, and kind to his children. He humbled himself before God, and preached His
laws to all who would listen. And yet, he continued to age with every passing year, until he finally died a frail old man. When he reached heaven, he asked, “Lord, why did You refuse to
answer my prayer? Did I not live my life according to Your word? Did I not praise Your name
to all who would listen?” To which God replied, “You did all of these things. And that is why I
did not curse you by answering your prayer.”
“You speak of eternal life. You speak of indulging the mind and body,” said Abe. “But what
of the soul?”
“And what use is a soul to a creature that shall never die?”
Abe couldn’t help but smile. Here was a strange little man with a strange way of seeing
things. Only the second living man he’d ever met who knew the truth of vampires. He drank to
excess and spoke in an irritating, high-pitched voice. It was hard not to like him.

“I begin to suspect,” said Abe, “that you would like to be one of them.”
Poe laughed at the suggestion. “Is not our existence long and miserable enough?” he
asked, laughing. “Who in God’s name would seek to prolong it?”
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter
IV
On the following afternoon, June 22nd, Abe wandered along St. Philip Street by himself.
Allen Gentry hadn’t returned from whatever depravities he’d enjoyed the night before, and
Poe had staggered off to his own boardinghouse at dawn. After sleeping half the day away,
Abe had decided that some fresh air and a stroll were desperately needed to chase the fog
from his mind and bitter taste from his mouth.
I happened upon some great commotion in the street as I neared the river—a large crowd
gathered around a platform, which had been decorated in reds and whites and blues. A yellow banner flew above this makeshift stage, upon which were the words SLAVE AUCTION
TODAY! ONE O’CLOCK! More than a hundred men were crowded in front of the platform.
More than twice that number of Negroes milled about nearby. Pipe smoke choked the air as
prospective buyers mingled—the rare laugh breaking through the din, their pencils and papers held ready as the hour neared. The auctioneer, a man every ounce as plump and pink
as a hog, then stepped before them and began: “Honored gentlemen, I am pleased to present
the day’s first lot.” Upon this, the first Negro, a man of perhaps five-and-thirty years, took the
stage and bowed heartily, smiling and standing tall in his ill-fitting suit (which looked to have
been purchased for the occasion). “A bull, name of Cuff! Still in the prime of his strength! As
fine a field hand as you are ever likely to see, and sure to sire a brood of sons with backs
every bit as sound!” That this “bull” seemed so fervent in his hope of being bought—standing
up straight, smiling and bowing as the auctioneer described his many uses—I could not help
my pity and revulsion. The rest of this man’s life… all the future generations of his progeny.
All of it rested on this moment. All of it in the hands of a man he had never met. A man willing
to pay the highest price.
All told, there were more than two-hundred slaves scheduled to be auctioned over a twoday period. For a week leading up to the sale, they’d been held in a pair of barns, where prospective buyers had been free to come and inspect them.
This inspection involved all manner of invasion and humiliation. Men, women, and children, ages three years to five-and-seventy, were made to stand bare before strangers. Their
muscles were pulled at; their mouths pried open and their teeth inspected. They were made
to walk and bend and lift, lest they be concealing any lameness. They were made to list their
talents. To assist in driving up their own price.

This ran counter to their own interests, for the higher the price, *
the less likely they would ever be able to save enough money to buy their freedom from the
kind masters who allowed them to do so.
The theater of it all! Men and women! Children and infants presented to this surly
mob—this collection of so-called gentlemen! I saw a Negro girl of three or four clinging to her
mother, confused as to why she was dressed in such clothes; why she had been scrubbed
the night before; made to stand on this platform while men shouted numbers and waved
pieces of paper in the air. Again I wondered why a Creator who had dreamt such beauty
would have slandered it with such evil.
If Lincoln saw any irony in the fact that he had come downriver to sell goods to many of
these same plantation owners, he never wrote of it.
“Gentlemen, I now ask your attention be turned to a fine specimen of family if ever there
was! The bull by name of Israel—his teeth of the regular sort, and his build uncommonly
large. You shall not find a better planter of rice in this or any parish! His wife, Beatrice—with
arms and back almost as strong as that of a man’s, yet hands delicate enough to mend a
lady’s dress! Their children—a boy of ten or eleven years, fated to become as strong a worker
as his father, and a girl of four, her face as sweet as an angel’s. You shall never find four better specimens!”
Each slave followed his own sale with keen interest, his eyes darting around as each bid
was shouted out. If he was purchased by a master with a reputation for kindness, or one who
had purchased some of his near relations, he would leave the stage with something like contentment—even joy on his face. But if he was sold to a man who seemed especially cruel, or
knew that he would never see his loved ones again, the quiet anguish on his face was indescribable.
One buyer in particular drew my interest—a man whose pocketbook seemed bottomless,
and whose purchases seemed senseless. He arrived at the auction after it had begun (this
alone was unusual) and snapped up a dozen slaves, with seemingly no regard for their sex,
or health, or skills. In fact, he seemed interested only in those Negroes described as
“bargains.” But his purchases were only part of the reason he drew my suspicion. He was a
slender man in a fine waist-length coat—shorter than I (though still quite tall), with a graying
beard meant to conceal the scar that ran the length of his face, from his left eye, across his
lips, to his chin. He held a parasol to shade himself from the sun, and wore dark glasses over
his eyes. If he was not a vampire, he certainly admired their fashion. What was the meaning
of it? Why had he purchased two older women of similar abilities? A boy with a lame leg?
Why did he need so many slaves at all?

I resolved to follow him and find the answer.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter
V
Twelve slaves walked barefoot, winding their way north on a muddy road that traced the
Mississippi. They were male and female, ranging from fourteen to sixty-six years of age.
Some had known each other their whole lives. Some had met only an hour or two before.
Each of the twelve had a rope around their waist connecting them to the others. In front of this
convoy, their new gray-bearded master; behind it, a white overseer, his rifle ready to cut down
any slave who dared to run. Both men rode comfortably on horseback. Abe was careful to
keep his distance as they wound their way through the woods.
I walked a quarter of a mile behind the group. Close enough to hear the overseer’s occasional barking, but far enough for my careful footfalls to escape the ears of a vampire.
Night had begun to fall by the time they reached a plantation eight miles north of the city,
and a mile from the east bank of the river.
It looked no different than any of the plantations I had seen up and down the Mississippi.
A blacksmith’s shop. A tanning yard. A grist mill. Storehouses, machinery, looms, sheds,
stables, and some five-and-twenty slave quarters surrounding the planter’s house. These
were one-room cabins where a dozen Negroes might live together, sleeping on dirt floors or
corn husk beds, their pine torches burning so the women could tend to their quilting work long
into the night. By day the dark fields around me would be filled with noise and work. Gangs of
a hundred men digging trenches in long rows. Women driving plows in the searing heat. The
white overseers riding among them on horseback, looking for the slightest offense to punish
by flogging their naked backs. In the center of it all stood the master’s house. Those slaves
“fortunate” enough to work here were spared the backbreaking toil of the fields, but by no
means was theirs an easy existence, for they were just as likely to be flogged for the slightest
transgression. Furthermore, female slaves of any age might well find themselves at the mercy
of master’s unspeakable whims.
Abe kept his distance as the twelve slaves were led past the maison principale and into a
large barn, the inside lit by torches and hanging oil lamps. Hiding behind a shed some twenty
yards away, he had a clear view through the open doors.
Here they were joined by a large Negro (the master and overseer having adjourned to the
house). He held a whip, which he cracked at the new arrivals while ordering them to form a
line in the center of the barn. Thus arranged, they were made to sit—still joined at the waist
by rope. A mulatto woman presently appeared carrying a large basket under her arm (this
only serving to increase the apprehension of the newly arrived, for they had doubtless heard
stories of slaves being branded by new masters). Happily, the basket was stuffed with food, to

which the twelve slaves were instructed to help themselves freely. I watched their eyes shine
at the sight of fried pork and corn cakes. Of cow’s milk and handfuls of sugar candies. I saw
such relief on their faces, for until this moment, they had been unsure of what cruelties
awaited. They could hardly fill their starving bellies fast enough.
Abe wondered if he had been too hasty in his suspicion. Henry proved that there were
vampires capable of kindness. Of restraint. Had these slaves been bought for the purpose of
being freed? At the very least, would they be treated with compassion?
This feast having gone on for what seemed a half hour, I watched a party of white men
walk from the house to the barn. There were ten in all, including the master I had followed
from New Orleans. Each varied in age and build—though all looked to be men of some
means. On their reaching the barn, the large Negro again cracked his whip and ordered the
slaves to their feet, and set about removing the rope from around their waists. The mulatto
woman collected her basket and made off with no want of haste.
The white men having assembled near the entrance, one of them handed something to
his host (certainly papers of some sort—I suspect they were banknotes) and approached the
line of slaves. I watched him pace back and forth, examining each one, until at last he
stopped behind an older, thickset woman and waited. One by one, each of the eight others
handed his tribute to their host, examined the remaining slaves, and picked his own to wait
behind, until all nine guests were in place. The Negroes dared not turn around. Their eyes remained fixed on the ground at their feet. Nine of the slaves now being spoken for, the large
Negro led the other three out of the barn and into the dark. What became of these poor souls,
I cannot say. I can only speak to the anxiety I felt as they disappeared—for something was
about to happen. What it was, I knew not. I knew only that it would be dreadful.
He was correct. Satisfied that the other slaves were out of earshot, the gray-bearded host
gave a whistle. Upon this, nine pairs of eyes turned black, nine sets of fangs descended, and
nine vampires tore into their helpless prey from behind.
The first vampire grabbed the sides of the thickset woman’s head and twisted it backward
so that her chin and spine met—his wretched face her dying sight. Another screamed and
writhed when she felt the sting of two fangs in her shoulder. But the greater her struggle, the
deeper the wound became, and the more freely her precious blood poured into the creature’s
mouth. I saw the head of a boy beaten until his brains poured from a hole in his skull, and another man’s head taken entirely. I could do nothing to help them. Not when there were so
many. Not without a weapon. The slave master calmly pulled the barn doors closed to stifle
the noises of death, and I ran into the night, my face wet with tears. Disgusted with myself for
being so helpless. Sickened by what I had seen. But more than anything—sickened by the
truth taking shape in my mind. A truth that I had been too blind to see before.

Abe purchased a black leather-bound journal on Dauphine Street the next day. His first
entry, while a scant seventeen words, was a powerful statement of that truth, and one of the
most important sentences he would ever write.
June 25th, 1828
So long as this country is cursed with slavery, so too will it be cursed with vampires.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter

PART II
VAMPIRE HUNTER
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter
FIVE
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter
New Salem
The way for a young man to rise, is to improve himself every way he can, never suspecting that any body wishes to hinder him.
—Abraham Lincoln, in a letter to William Herndon
July 10th, 1848
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter
I
Abe was shaking.
It was a bitter cold February night, and he’d been waiting for a man to put his clothes on
for the better part of two hours. Abe paced back and forth… back and forth in the hard-packed
snow, throwing the occasional glance toward the unfinished courthouse on the other side of
the square, and at the second floor of the saloon across the street—where a light still burned
behind the curtained window of a whore. He passed the time with thoughts of his weeks spent
floating shirtless down the Mississippi in unbearable heat. “Heat a man could drown in.” He
thought of mornings spent splitting rails in the shade; afternoons cooling off with a swim in the
creek. But those memories were all more than three years and two hundred miles away. Tonight, on his twenty-second birthday, he was freezing on the empty streets of Calhoun,
Illinois. *
Thomas Lincoln had finally given up on Indiana. He’d been receiving regular reports from
John Hanks, a cousin of Abe’s mother, regarding the untapped wonders of Illinois.
John wrote of the “plentiful and fertile” prairies of that state. Of “flat land that needed no
clearing. Free of rocks, and to be had cheap.” It was all the incentive Thomas needed to leave
Indiana and its bitter memories behind.
In March of 1830, the Lincolns packed their belongings into three wagons, each hitched to
a team of oxen, and left Little Pigeon Creek forever. For fifteen exhausting days they navigated mud-covered roads and forded icy rivers, “until at last we reached Macon County and
settled just west of Decatur,” smack-dab in the center of Illinois. Abe was twenty-one then. It’d
been two years since he’d witnessed the slave massacre in New Orleans. Two years of handing hard-earned wages over to his father. Now he was finally free to strike out on his own.
Despite being desperate to do so, Abe stayed on an extra year, helping his father build a new

cabin and helping his family settle into their new home.
But tonight he was twenty-two. And so help him, it was to be his last birthday under his
father’s roof.
[My stepbrother] John was the one who insisted we ride to Calhoun to celebrate. I
wouldn’t hear of it at first, not being one to make a fuss over the occasion. As usual, he
nagged at me until I could tolerate no more. He stated his intentions while on our ride to town,
which as I recall was amounting to “getting blind stinking drunk and buying you the company
of a woman friend.” He knew of a saloon on Sixth Street. I do not recall the name, or whether
it had one at all. I remember only that it had a second floor where a man could indulge himself
for a price. John’s intentions nonwithstanding [sic], I can say that my conscience remains
clear in this regard.
Lincoln may have resisted the temptations of the saloon’s perfumed ladies, but he drank
its whiskey freely. He and John shared laughs at the expense of their father; their sisters; at
each other. It was all “very good for the soul, and a very good way to spend one’s birthday.”
Once again, John’s nagging had paid off. Near the end of the evening, however, while his
stepbrother flirted with a voluptuous brunette by the name of Missy (“like the Mississippi,
honey, but twice as deep, and a helluva lot warmer”), Abe saw an average-size man walk in,
wearing clothes “hardly fit for a night so cold.”
His face bore none of the redness I had observed on the other customers as they hurried
into the light and warmth of the saloon—nor had his breath been visible against the cold air as
he entered. He was a pale gentleman of thirty years or less, but his hair was nonetheless a
curled mix of brown and gray, the result being something like the color of weathered planks.
He made straight for the barkeep (it was clear the two were acquainted) and whispered
something to him, upon which the aproned little man hurried up the staircase. He was a vampire. He had to be—whiskey be damned. But how to know with certainty?
Abe was suddenly struck by an idea.
I barely spoke above a whisper. “Do you see that man at the bar?” I asked John, who had
been occupied with the lady’s ear. “Tell me, can you ever recall seeing a man with such a repulsive face?” John—who had not the slightest idea what the man’s face looked
like—laughed heartily all the same (such was his state). Upon my whispering this, the pale
gentleman spun around and glared directly at me. I smiled back and lifted my glass to him. No
other creature would have heard the insult over such a din, or across such a distance! There
could be no doubt! Yet I could not take him. Not here. Not with so many people watching. I
smiled at the thought of being dragged away and charged with murder. What would be my defense? That my victim had been a vampire? What’s more, my coat and weapons remained
outside in my saddle bag. No—this would not do. There must be another way.

The barkeep returned with three women in tow and arranged them in front of the vampire’s table.
Having picked two of these, the vampire followed them up the staircase, and the barkeep
rang out his last call.
Abe’s mind, half pickled with whiskey, churned until it received “the blessings of another
idea.” Knowing that his brother would never leave him to wander the streets alone, he told
John that he’d changed his mind and made “arrangements” to spend the night with a woman.
John had hoped (fervently, I suspect) that this would be the case, and promptly made his
own arrangements. We bade each other good night as the barkeep snuffed out the lanterns
and locked the bottles away. Having given my brother and his friend ample time to reach their
room, I followed up the stairs, alone. Here was a single, narrow hallway lit dimly by oil light
and papered with an elaborate pattern of reds and pinks. A number of doors ran down both
sides, all of them closed. At the end, another closed door faced me which, judging by the
shape of the building, led outside to a back staircase. I walked slowly down the center, listening for clues as to which room held my vampire. Laughter from my left. Profanity from my
right. Sounds which I have not the words to describe. Having reached the end of the hallway
with no success, I at last heard what I had been waiting for on my right side—the voices of
two women coming from the same room. Leaving John to enjoy the warm embrace of a
stranger, I turned back, headed out into the cold, and donned my long coat. I knew the vampire would likely finish his business and leave before sunrise. And when he did, I would be
waiting for him.
But by the second hour of pacing in the street, he’d grown tired, cold, and bored.
The slaughter of sixteen vampires had left me rather audacious, I admit. Not content to
wait any longer in the cold, I resolved to be done with it. I walked up the snow-covered staircase at the rear of the building, taking care to step lightly, and preparing the martyr in my
hand.
“Martyr” was the name Abe had given to a new weapon of his own creation. From an earlier entry in his journal:
I have recently read of the successes of an English chemist by the name of Walker who
has developed a method of creating flame using nothing more than friction. Having procured
the necessary chemicals to reproduce his “congreves,” *
I set about dipping a number of small sticks in this mixture. The chemicals having dried, I
bundled twenty of the little sticks tightly together (the whole being roughly twice the thickness
of a fountain pen) and soaked all but the tip of one end in glue. When the exposed end is
struck against a rough surface, the resulting flame is brief, violent, and brighter than the sun.
This has the effect of rendering my black-eyed adversaries temporarily blind, allowing me to

chop them to pieces with greater ease. I have used them twice with tremendous success
(though the burns on my fingers bear witness to earlier failures).
I stood before the door in question with the martyr in one hand and my ax in the other,
light from beneath the door illuminating my snow-covered shoes. There were no voices coming from the other side, and I was presently struck by the thought of seeing the two girls
slaughtered on the bed, their blood staining the sheets to match the patterned walls. Using
the head of the ax, I knocked three times.
Nothing.
Having given them ample time to answer, I knocked again. Another moment passed with
no noise from the other side. Just as I was weighing whether to knock again or not, I heard
the creaking of the bed, followed by the creaking of someone walking across the wooden
floor. I prepared to strike. The door opened.
It was him. Curly hair, the color of weathered wood. Nothing but a long shirt between his
skin and the cold.
“What in the hell is it?” he asked.
Abe struck the tip of the martyr against the wall.
Nothing.
The damned thing failed to light, it having been left in the damp pocket of my coat for so
long. The vampire looked at me quizzically. His fangs did not descend, nor his eyes blacken.
But on seeing the ax in my other hand, they doubled in width, and he shut the door with such
force as to rattle the whole building. I stood there, looking at the door like a dog looks at a
book, all the while allowing the vampire time to escape on the other side. This having occurred to me at last, I took a step back and let the door have the full force of my heel. It sailed
open with a tremendous noise—a noise I mistakenley [sic] attributed to the splintering of
wood. I did not recognize it as a gunshot until after the lead ball had passed my head, missing
it by no more than an inch and burrowing into the wall behind me. I will admit that I was a
good deal shaken by this. So much so that on seeing him drop the pistol and climb out the
window headfirst (his naked backside bidding me farewell) my first thought was not to pursue,
but to examine my head lest I be bleeding to death. Satisfied this was not the case, I hurried
into the room after him—the two ladies quite undressed and screaming in the bed next to me.
I could hear doors opening down the length of the hallway as curious customers stepped out
to investigate the commotion. On reaching the window, I saw my prey pick himself off the
snowy street below and run barefoot into the night, slipping and landing on his bare hide at
least twice before he escaped my view, screaming for help.
This was no vampire.

I cursed aloud most of the ride home. Never in my life had I been so embarrassed or
made such a drunken error. Never had I felt like such a fool. If there was one comforting prospect, it was this: soon I would finally be free.
The winter of 1831 was an especially harsh one, but with March came the thaw, and with
it the first birds in the sky and blades of grass on the earth. For Abe, the March thaw brought
an end to twenty-two years with Thomas Lincoln. Years that had grown increasingly cold. It’s
unlikely that they parted with anything more than a handshake, if that. Abe had only this to
write on the day he left home for good.
Off to Beardstown by way of Springfield. John, John, and I hope to make the trip in three
days.
Lincoln rode west with his stepbrother John and cousin John Hanks. The three young men
had been hired by an acquaintance named Denton Offutt to build a flatboat and ferry goods
down the Sangamon River to New Orleans, a round trip of about three months.
Offutt was remembered by at least one contemporary as “a hot-tempered, strict, noisy son
of a bitch.” But like most people who encountered Abe Lincoln, he’d been impressed by the
young man’s hard work, intelligence, and general disposition. On reaching Beardstown (in
three days, as they’d hoped), Abe led his team in building the flatboat and loading it with Offutt’s cargo.
My second flatboat was twice as long and much improved from the first, and built with a
great deal more speed—for not only did I have the experience of having done it once before,
but I was gifted with additional hands to share the work. We were off about three weeks after
we arrived, much to Mr. Offutt’s surprise and satisfaction.
The Sangamon River twisted through 250 miles of Central Illinois. It was a far cry from the
“mighty Mississip”—more of a stream or a creek in some places than a river, and burdened
with low-hanging branches and countless pieces of driftwood, each one at the mercy of the
current. This troubled body wound its way down to the more forgiving Illinois River before
reaching the Mississippi.
The quartet of flatboatmen (Offutt having elected to go along for the ride) had a terrible
time getting down the Sangamon. Each day brought a new disaster—running aground; coming upon a fallen tree in the river. Legend holds that their flatboat became wedged on a dam
near New Salem, Illinois, and began taking on water. As locals gathered on the shore, offering advice and laughing at the young men scrambling to save their vessel, Lincoln was again
struck by one of his ideas. He bored a hole in the front of the boat (which hung over the dam)
and let all the water run out of it. This raised the back of the boat enough to safely float it over.
With the hole plugged, the men were on their way, and the people of New Salem were mightily impressed. Denton Offutt had been impressed, too—not so much by Abe’s ingenuity, but

by the booming little settlement of New Salem.
Regardless of the river and its obstacles, Abe managed to find something of that elusive
peace again during the trip. He took the time to record drawings, lengthy remembrances, and
random thoughts in his journal nearly every night after they’d tied up. In an entry dated May
4th, he begins to expand on his one-sentence statement of the connection between slavery
and vampires.
Not long after the first ships landed in this New World, I believe that vampires reached a
tacit understanding with slave owners. I believe that this nation holds some special attraction
for them because here, in America, they can feed on human blood without fear of discovery or
reprisal. Without the inconvenience of living in darkness. I believe that this is especially true in
the South, where those flamboyant gentlemen vampires have worked out a way to “grow”
their prey. Where the strongest slaves are put to work growing tobacco and food for the fortunate and free, and the lesser are themselves harvested and eaten. I believe this, but I cannot
yet prove it to be true.
Abe had written Henry about what he’d seen (and asking what it meant) after his first trip
to New Orleans. He’d received no reply. With his departure from Little Pigeon Creek imminent, he’d decided to venture back to the false cabin and check in on his undead friend.
I found the place deserted. The furnishings and bed were gone, leaving the cabin nothing
more than an empty room. On opening the door in the back, I found not a staircase leading
down to the rooms below, but smooth, hard-packed dirt. Had the whole of Henry’s hiding
place been filled in? Or had the whole been dreamed by me in my delusional state?
Abe didn’t stay in Indiana long enough to find out. He wrote something in his journal, tore
out the page, and hung it on a nail over Henry’s fireplace.
ABRAHAM LINCOLN
WEST OF DECATUR, ILLINOIS
CARE OF MR. JOHN HANKS
New Orleans held little of the wonder it had the first time around, and Abe found himself
eager to conclude their business and catch a steamer north. He stayed on for a few days to
give his stepbrother and cousin a chance to explore, but barely ventured out, not wishing to
happen upon another slave auction or wayward vampire. He did, however, stop by the saloon
near Mrs. Laveau’s—not to drink, but to indulge the slim hope that he might run into his old
friend Poe. It wasn’t to be.
Denton Offutt had been so impressed with the way Lincoln performed that he offered him
another job upon their return to Illinois. Offutt saw the Sangamon River as a 250-mile stretch
of opportunity. The frontier was booming, and towns were springing up all along its banks.
Many believed that navigation would soon be improved, and that steamboats would soon

bring passengers and goods through their backyards. Offutt was one of the believers. “Mark
my words,” he said, “the Sangamon is the next Mississippi. Today’s settlement is tomorrow’s
town.” If there was one thing Offutt knew, it was that every growing town needed a general
store and a pair of men to run it. And so it happened that Abraham Lincoln and Denton Offutt
returned to New Salem, Illinois, the scene of their infamous boat rescue, to stay.
New Salem sat atop a bluff on the west bank of the Sangamon, a tightly grouped collection of one- and two-room cabins, workshops, mills, and a schoolhouse that doubled as a
church on Sundays. There were perhaps one hundred residents in all.
Mr. Offutt’s store being a month or more from opening for business, I found myself in the
strange position of having far too much time, and far too little to do. I was much relieved,
therefore, to make the acquaintance of a Mr. William Mentor Graham, a young schoolteacher
who shared my love of books and who introduced me to Kirkham’s Grammar, which I studied
until I could recite every rule and example by heart.
History remembers Abe’s towering intellect but forgets that, in those days, he was more
towering than intellectual. Like his father, he had a natural gift for words. But when it came to
writing them down correctly, he remained a victim of his limited schooling. Mentor Graham
would help to correct this, and prove a key force in Lincoln’s ability to express himself eloquently later in life.
The cramped store at last stocked and ready, Abe went to work filling orders, tracking inventory, and charming customers with his natural wit and endless facts. He and Offutt sold
cookware and lanterns, fabric and animal pelts. They measured out sugar and flour and filled
bottles of peach brandy, molasses, and red vinegar from little barrels on the shelves behind
the counter. “Anything for anyone at any time” as they liked to say. In addition to his meager
salary, Abe received an allowance of goods and a small room at the back of the store. Here,
he would read by candlelight and write in his journal until well after midnight.
And then, the candle having burned out, and the whole of the settlement having gone to
sleep, he would don his coat and go out into the night in search of vampires.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter
II
With no Henry to guide him, and tethered to within a few miles of New Salem (for he had
to be back to open Offutt’s store every morning at seven), Abe’s vampire-killing streak ground
to a halt in the summer of 1831. He wandered the surrounding woods at night; ventured up
and down the banks of the Sangamon. But save for investigating the occasional noise, there
was no excitement to be had. It wasn’t long before Abe began to put more stock in rest than
reconnaissance, and stopped venturing out altogether.

That’s not to say there weren’t opportunities to fight.
About a half-hour’s walk from New Salem was the settlement of Clary’s Grove, home to
the rather unimaginatively named Clary’s Grove Boys, a gang of mostly related young men
with a penchant for getting drunk and raising hell.
They were good for no less than two brawls a night in poor Jim Rutledge’s tavern, and
were known to break up river baptisms by throwing rocks at the parishioners from the woods.
One dared not cross them, or they might put out your windows—even stuff you in a barrel and
leave you to the mercy of the Sangamon.
Above all, the Boys loved to “wrastle.” They prided themselves on being the “meanest,
toughest, rowdiest wrastlers around.” So when word came that there was a “big fella come to
work” at the general store in New Salem, they considered it their duty to size him up in person
and, if need be, put him in his place.
Abe knew the Clary’s Grove Boys would be looking for a fight, just as they’d looked for
one with every able-bodied man who moved into their territory for years. That’s precisely why
he’d avoided them at all costs, hoping they would simply grow accustomed to having him
around. He’d managed to go nearly two whole months without a confrontation (a local record).
Unfortunately, Denton Offutt was a little man with a big mouth, and on seeing some of the
Boys about, bragged that his new clerk was not only the smartest man in Sangamon County,
but that he was “big enough to lick the lot” of them.
They came unannounced to the store and called me outside. On seeing ten or more
gathered there, I asked what business we had. One of them stepped forward and said they intended to put their “best man” on me, on account of Mr. Offutt’s having described me as “the
toughest man he ever saw.” I told them that Mr. Offutt had been mistaken. That I was not
tough at all, and that I had no use for such wooling around. My refusal was not taken well, for
I was then surrounded and threatened by the whole of the gang. They would not permit me inside, they said, until I’d had a go. If I refused, all of New Salem would know me as a coward,
and they would turn our store over from “top to bottom.” I agreed, but insisted it be a fair fight.
“Oh it ain’t going to be much of a fight at all,” said one of them, and called Jack to the front.
Jack Armstrong was a brick wall of a man, four inches shorter and twenty pounds heavier
than Abe. He was the Clary’s Grove Boys’ unquestioned leader, and it was easy to see why.
He had a mean look about him, and kept his arms and chest taut as he moved around me,
as if his whole body was a drawn bowstring that could be released at any moment. He pulled
his shirt over his head and threw it to the ground, circling around me. Preferring to keep mine
on, I began to roll up one of my sleeves. I had scarcely begun this when I was suddenly on
my back—the air pressed from my lungs.

The Boys cheered as Jack sprang to his feet, and booed as Abe struggled to his.
Clearly, my insistence on a “fair fight” was to have no bearing. Jack came at me again, but
this time I was ready—meeting his outstretched arms with mine, our backs and shoulders
forming a tabletop as we leaned forward, pushing against each other. Our heads down; our
feet kicking up dirt behind us. I suspect he was a good deal surprised at my strength. I was
certainly surprised at his. I felt as if I had locked arms with a Russian bear.
But as mighty as Jack Armstrong was, he was nothing compared to the vampires Abe had
grappled with in the past. With his lungs again full, Lincoln reached up and grabbed Jack’s
neck with one hand, and the waist of his pants with the other.
Holding him thus, I lifted his body clean off the ground and over my head, keeping him
there as he squirmed and struggled and cussed. This spectacle produced in his friends no
shortage of distress, and I was suddenly set upon by the lot of them, punching and kicking at
me in a group. This was an injustice that I could not allow.
Abe’s face went bright red, and he brought his full strength to bear, throwing Jack Armstrong against the side of the general store and yelling, “I’m the big buck of the lick!”
I grabbed the man nearest me by the hair and struck him in the face with my fist, rendering him insensible. The man nearest him caught another of my fists in his belly. I was quite
content to whip the lot of them, one by one, and would have done so, had Jack not risen to
his feet and called off his men.
Now it was Lincoln’s body that tensed like a drawn bowstring, his eyes fixed on a pair of
Clary’s Grove Boys just out of arm’s reach.
Jack pulled a splinter or two from his side and stood next to me. “Boys,” he said, “I believe
this man to be the toughest son’bitch ever to set foot in New Salem. Any man’s got a quarrel
with him’s got a quarrel with Jack Armstrong.”
It was perhaps the most important battle of Abe’s early life, for word quickly spread from
one end of Sangamon County to the other: here was a young man possessed of strong mind
and body. A man they could be proud of. Their inauspicious introduction aside, the Clary’s
Grove Boys quickly became some of Abe’s staunchest supporters, and would prove invaluable political assets in the years to come. Some of them even became his close friends,
though none so close as Jack Armstrong himself.
I regretted losing my temper and embarrassing him in front of his relations. So, on the
evening after our match, I invited him to share a drink at the store.
Abe and Jack shared a small bottle of peach brandy in the store’s back room, the sky still
slightly blue even though it was approaching nine o’clock. Abe sat on the end of his bed, having offered the room’s sole chair to his guest.

I was surprised to find in this burly Armstrong a quiet, thoughtful man. Though four years
my junior, he had a maturity surpassing that of many men twice his age, and an ease of conversation that one would not expect given his appearance. On seeing my copy of Kirkham’s
Grammar, he spoke of the value of reading and writing, and bemoaned his shortcomings in
both.
“Truth is, it was more important to be rough,” said Jack. “This is rough country, and it
takes a rough man.”
“Must you choose one or the other?” asked Abe. “I’ve always found time for books, and I
know something of rough country.”
Jack smiled. “Not Illinois rough.”
Abe asked what he meant.
“You ever seen somebody you love tore up and scattered all over the ground?”
Abe had not, and was clearly surprised by the answer. Jack fidgeted a little; looked at the
floor.
“I gone walkin’ with a friend one night,” he said. “We was both nine, and the two of us was
headed home from throwin’ rocks at flatboats, twistin’ down a trail we knew by heart. One
minute he was right there next to me, chatterin’ away in the dark. Next minute he’d been pull’t
up by a bear’s claws—pull’t into a tree by his head and drug clear to the top. I couldn’t see
nothin’ up there in the dark. I could only hear him screamin’. Feel the warm drops on my
head… on my lips. I ran and fetched help, and the men came runnin’ with their flintlocks. But
there was nothin’ for ’em to kill. We spent half the morning pickin’ him up off the ground.
Jared. Jared Linder was his name.”
There was silence now, and Abe knew he mustn’t be the first to fill it.
“Folks live ’round here know there’s somethin’ about these woods,” said Jack. “They know
a man who don’t have his wits about him—a man who ain’t strong enough to take all
comers—well, they know that’s a man liable to get himself killed walking one place to the
next. People say us Boys stick close on account of our being kin. ’Cause we like raisin’ a
ruckus. The truth of it is, we stick close ’cause that’s the only chance we got at growin’ old.
Truth is, we act rough ’cause a weak man’s a dead man.”
“And you’re certain?” asked Abe. “I mean, you’re absolutely certain it was a bear?”
“Well, it sure as hell weren’t no tree-climbin’ horse.”
“I mean… might it have been something a bit more… unusual?”
“Oh,” said Jack, beginning to laugh. “You mean was it somethin’ like out of a story? Some
kind a ghost?”
“Yes.”

“Hell, those stories’ve been goin’ up and down the river for years. Wild stories. People
talking about witches, and devils, and—”
“Vampires?”
All trace of humor left Jack’s face at the mention of the word.
“People talking nonsense. Just scared is all.”
Maybe it was the half a bottle of peach brandy in his blood, or the feeling that he’d found a
kindred spirit. Maybe he just couldn’t stand to keep all those secrets to himself anymore.
Whatever the reason, Abe made a very sudden, very risky decision.
“Jack… if I tell you something incredible, will you promise to hear me fairly?”
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter
III
Abe paced back and forth… back and forth over the soft dirt of the street, throwing the occasional glance toward the newly finished courthouse on the other side of the square and at
the second floor of the saloon across the street, where a light still burned behind the curtained
window of a whore. The late-summer weather was much more agreeable this time around. So
was the company.
It had taken no small amount of persuasion, but Jack had at last agreed to come to
Springfield. At first, he had refused to believe a word of it—going so far as to call me a
“damned liar” and threatening to “thrash” me for thinking him a fool. I begged his patience,
however, and promised that I would either prove every word true, or pack my things and leave
New Salem forever. I made this promise with every expectation of success, for that very
morning a letter had at long last arrived.
The letter was addressed exactly as Abe had instructed above Henry’s fireplace:
ABRAHAM LINCOLN
WEST OF DECATUR, ILLINOIS
CARE OF MR. JOHN HANKS
It had been delivered to his relatives two weeks earlier, and forwarded to New Salem. Abe
had torn it open upon seeing the familiar handwriting, and read it a dozen times at the counter
throughout the day.
Abraham,
My apologies for not having written these many months. Vanishing is, I regret, a necessary part of my existence from time to time. I will write more often when I have settled into a
more permanent home. In the interim, I hope you have settled into yours happily, and remain
in good spirits and health. If you remain agreeable, you may visit upon the individual named
below at your leisure. I believe him only a short ride from where you are now. I must warn
you, however—he is quite a bit cleverer than those you have visited on in the past. You may

well mistake him for one of your own kind.
Timothy Douglas.
The tavern near the square.
Calhoun.
Ever,
—H
Abe knew the tavern well. It was, after all, the site of his greatest vampire-hunting embarrassment. Could I have been right all along? Had the half-naked man who’d run off screaming
for help been a vampire after all?
We walked in, plainly dressed (my long coat stored in my saddlebag outside). I took in the
faces at each table, half expecting to see the curly-haired gentleman glaring back in his snowcovered long shirt. Would he run at the sight of me? Would his vampire nature compel him to
attack? But I saw him not. Jack and I made to the counter, where the aproned barkeep busied
himself polishing a whiskey glass.
“Pardon me, sir. My friend and I are looking for a Mr. Douglas.”
“Tim Douglas?” asked the barkeep, his eyes fixed on his work.
“The same.”
“And what business might you and Mr. Douglas have?”
“Business of an urgent and private sort. Do you know where he is?”
The barkeep seemed amused.
“Well, sir, you needn’t look far, that’s for certain.”
He put down the glass and stuck out his hand. “Tim Douglas. And your name, sir?”
Jack burst out laughing. There had to be some mistake. This inconsequential little man—a
man who spent his nights polishing dirty glasses and playing matchmaker to whores and
drunks? This was Henry’s vampire? Of course, I had no choice but take his hand, and did so.
It was as pink and warm as my own.
“Hanks,” said Abe. “Abe Hanks, and I beg your forgiveness, for I mistook you to say ‘Tom’
Douglas. Yes, Thomas Douglas is the gentleman we’re looking for. Do you know where we
might find him?”
“Well, sir, no. I’m afraid I’m not familiar with anyone by that name.”
“Then I thank you for your trouble and bid you a good night.”
Abe hurried out of the tavern, Jack laughing all the while behind him.
I resolved to wait. We had come this far, and Henry had never failed me in the past. At the
very least, we would wait for this barkeep to close up and follow him home in the shadows.
After hours spent wandering the courthouse square, Abe (who’d since donned his long
coat) and Jack (who hadn’t stopped teasing him since they left the tavern) finally saw the

lights go dark and the barkeep make his way into the street.
He walked down Sixth Street toward Adams. We followed discreetly, Jack a good three
paces behind; the ax ready in my hands. I darted into the shadows with every twitch of the
barkeep’s head—certain he meant to turn back and discover us (Jack could hardly contain his
laughter at the sight of my doing so). The little man kept to the center of the street, hands in
his pockets. Whistling. Walking as any other man would walk, and making me feel a fool with
each step. He rounded Seventh Street, and we followed. He rounded Monroe, and we followed. But on rounding Ninth Street, after letting him escape our sight for the briefest of moments, we saw no trace of him. There was no alley he could have slipped into. No house he
could have entered in so short a time. How could it be?
“So… you’re the one.”
The voice came from behind us. I spun around, prepared to strike—but could not. For
here was mighty Jack Armstrong, standing on his toes. His back arched. His eyes wide. And
here was the little vampire standing behind him, a sharp claw pressed to his throat. Had Jack
been able to see those black eyes and shining fangs, his terror would have been twofold. The
barkeep suggested that I lay my ax on the ground if I did not wish to see my friend’s blood
spilled. I thought his suggestion a good one, and let the weapon fall from my hand.
“You’re the one Henry spoke of. The one with a talent for killing the dead.”
Though Abe was surprised to hear Henry’s name, his face betrayed nothing. He could
hear Jack’s panting quicken as the claw pressed harder against his throat.
“I’m curious,” asked the barkeep. “Have you ever wondered why? Why a vampire takes
such an interest in ridding the earth of his own kind? Why he sends a man to kill in his stead?
Or have you simply done his bidding blindly—the unquestioning, undyingly loyal servant?”
“I serve no man but myself,” said Abe.
The barkeep laughed. “Avowed as only an American could.”
“Help me, Abe,” said Jack.
“We are all servants,” said the barkeep. “However, of the two of us, I have the fortune of
knowing which master I serve.”
Jack began to panic. “P-please! Let me go!” He struggled to free himself, but this only dug
the barkeep’s claw in deeper. A trickle of blood ran over his Adam’s apple as the vampire
gave a reassuring “shhhh….”
Abe used the opportunity to slip a hand into his coat pocket, unnoticed.
I must strike swiftly, lest my thoughts betray my plan.
“Your beloved Henry is no less deserving of that ax than the rest of us,” said the barkeep.
“He merely had the good fortune of finding you fir—”

I pulled the martyr from my pocket and struck it against my buckle with all the quickness I
possessed.
It lit.
Brighter than the sun—white light and sparks filling the whole of the street. The vampire
retreated and shielded his eyes, and Jack pulled free. I knelt, grabbed the handle of the ax,
and threw from my knees. The blade lodged in the vampire’s chest with a crack of bone and
rush of escaped air, and he fell, clumsily clutching at the handle with one hand, dragging himself along the ground with the other. I let the martyr slip from my fingers to burn its last upon
the ground, and retrieved my ax from the creature’s chest. That same familiar fear on his
face. The fear of what hell or oblivion awaited. I did not care to revel in it. I raised the ax
above my head and took his.
Jack was shaken to the point of being sick on his boots. Shaken by the fact that he’d been
an inch away from death. By the glimpse he’d caught of those black eyes; those fangs after
breaking free. He didn’t say a word on the ride home. Neither man did. They reached New
Salem after sunrise and were about to part company in silence when Jack, who was continuing on to Clary’s Grove, pulled up his reins and turned toward the general store.
“Abe,” he said. “I wanna know everything there is to know ’bout killin’ vampires.”
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter
SIX
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter
Ann
I feel how weak and fruitless must be any words of mine which should attempt to beguile
you from the grief of a loss so overwhelming… I pray that our Heavenly Father may assuage
the anguish of your bereavement, and leave you only the cherished memory of the loved and
lost.
—Abraham Lincoln, in a letter to Mrs. Lydia Bixby,
mother of two sons killed in the Civil War
November 21st, 1864
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter
I
New Salem hadn’t grown as quickly as Denton Offutt hoped; in fact, it may have lost a few
residents in the months after he opened the store. The Sangamon was still a long way from
being “the next Mississippi.” Navigation remained a treacherous affair, and all but a few
steamboats remained trapped in the wider waters to the south, with all of their precious customers and cargo. It didn’t help matters that New Salem had a second general store closer to
the center of the settlement, siphoning off customers before they’d even had a chance to

reach his front door. By the time the ice began to break on the sluggish Sangamon in the
spring of 1832, Offutt’s store had failed, and Abe was out of a job. His anger is evident in an
entry dated March 27th.
Bade farewell to [Offutt] this morning, the last of the goods having been sold or traded; my
belongings were moved to the Herndon place until such time as I am able to make other arrangements. I care not that he has gone. I feel no sadness at his leaving, and feel not tempted in the slightest to follow his listless example. I have never known idle hands, and shall not
know them now. I resolve to remain. I shall prosper yet.
As always, Abe was true to his word. He did whatever it took to make money: Splitting
rails. Clearing land. Building sheds. His relationship with the Clary’s Grove Boys paid its first
dividends, too, in the form of the odd jobs they intimidated locals into giving him. He even
found work as an “ax man” on one of the few steamboats making its way up the Sangamon,
standing on its bow and chopping away any obstructions that slowed its struggle north. And
through it all, he never stopped hunting.
I have given a great deal of thought to what the barkeep said. Have I ever wondered why
Henry takes such an interest in hunting vampires? Have I ever wondered why he sends me in
his stead? I admit that I have spent many an hour perplexed by these questions. Wondering if
perhaps there is some deeper truth in them. That I am the sworn enemy of vampires doing
the bidding of a vampire? There is no eluding this fact, nor the paradox inherent in it. That I
am being used to further the unseen ends of one vampire in particular? I must admit the possibility. Yet after deliberating the whole, I have come to this conclusion:
It matters not.
If indeed I am nothing more than Henry’s servant, so be it. So long as the result is fewer
vampires, I shall serve happily.
Henry’s letters began to arrive more frequently, and Abe ventured out when they did. But
he didn’t venture alone.
I have found in Jack an able and eager hunting companion, and have endevored [sic] to
share with him the whole of my knowledge with regard to destroying vampires (I needn’t teach
him anything of quickness or bravery, for he enjoys a surplus of both). I am thankful for the
help, for Henry’s letters have been coming so frequently that I find myself running from one
end of the state to the other.
One night Abe found himself running through the streets of Decatur with a bloodied ax in
his hands, Jack beside him with a crossbow. No more than ten paces ahead of them, a bald
man made a beeline for the Sangamon River. The right side of his shirt was soaked with
blood, and his right arm was dangling by his side, attached to his body by nothing more than
a few bits of sinew and skin.

We ran past a pair of gentlemen on the street. They watched our little procession speed
by, yelling after us: “You there! Stop at once!” What a sight we must have made! I could not
help but laugh.
Abe and Jack chased the one-armed man to the water’s edge.
He dove in and disappeared beneath the black water. Jack would have gone in after him
had I not grabbed him by the collar and yelled “no!” with what little voice I had left. Jack stood
on the bank, gasping for breath and pointing his crossbow at every bubble that surfaced.
“I told you to wait for my signal!” yelled Abe.
“We would have been waiting all damned night!”
“Well, now we’ve lost him!”
“Shut up and keep a sharp eye! He has to come up for air sooner or later….”
Abe looked at Jack, his fury surrendering to a quizzical smile… then to laughter.
“Yes,” laughed Abe. “I expect he shall be coming up for air any day now.”
Abe put a hand on Jack’s shoulder and led him away from the riverbank, his laughter
echoing through the sleeping streets.
If [Jack] is wanting in anything, it is patience. He is too quick to spring from hiding—and, I
fear, too eager to share what he knows with his companions from Clary’s Grove. I am ever reminding him of the need for secrecy, and of the madness that would overtake all of Sangamon County if word of our errands were to spread beyond the two of us.
He’d been in the county all of a year, but in that short time Abe had become something of
a local celebrity. A “young man whose hands are just as skilled with an ax as they are with a
quill,” as his schoolteacher friend, Mentor Graham, put it. Abe had seen and heard enough
from his customers to know what was on their minds.
Chief among their concerns is the river itself. What a state it is in! Barely more than a
creek in some parts; choked by all manner of driftwood and obstructions. If we are to enjoy
the bounty of the Mississippi, it shall need to be greatly improved, so that steamboats may
navigate it freely. Such improvement, of course, will require a tremendous sum of money. I
know of only one way (outside thievery) to procure it.
Abraham Lincoln decided to run for office. In announcing his candidacy for the Illinois
State Legislature in a county newspaper, he struck a populist, if somewhat defeatist, chord:
I am young, and unknown to many of you. I was born, and have ever remained, in the
most humble walks of life. I have no wealthy or popular relations or friends to recommend me.
My case is thrown exclusively upon the independent voters of the county; and if elected, they
will have conferred a favor upon me for which I shall be unremitting in my labors to compensate. But if the good people in their wisdom shall see fit to keep me in the background, I
have been too familiar with disappointments to be very much chagrined.

Shortly after Abe’s announcement, word of a “war with the Indians” reached New Salem.
A Sauk war chief named Black Hawk has violated a treaty and crossed [the Mississippi]
into the village of Saukenuk to the north. He and his British Band *
mean to kill or drive out every white settler they encounter and reclaim land believed rightfully
theirs. Governor Reynolds has put out a call for six hundred able-bodied men to take up arms
against these savages and protect the gentle people of Illinois.
Despite his political ambitions (or because of them), Abe was among the first in Sangamon County to volunteer. He would recall his excitement years later.
I had lusted for war since I was a boy of twelve. Here, at last, was my chance to see it
firsthand! I imagined the glory of charging into battle—firing my flintlock and swinging my ax! I
imagined slaughtering scores of Indians with ease, for they could be no quicker or stronger
than vampires.
The volunteers gathered in Beardstown, a growing settlement on the banks of the Illinois
River. Here, the men were given a crash course in the barest essentials of warfare by a handful of experienced militiamen. Before journeying north, Abe’s unit—a ragtag group of volunteers that included men from New Salem and Clary’s Grove—elected him to serve as their
captain.
Captain Lincoln! I will admit that tears filled my eyes. It was the first time I had felt such esteem. The first time that I had been elected to lead my fellow men, and their sacred trust gave
me more satisfaction than any election I have won or any office I have held since.
Among those marching off to battle with Abe were fellow vampire hunter Jack Armstrong
and a young major named John Todd Stuart. Stuart was a slender man with “a high forehead
and neatly parted black hair.” He had a “prominent” nose and “unkind” eyes that “did his
gentle nature an injustice.” Stuart would play a crucial role in Lincoln’s postwar life, as an encouraging lawyer in Springfield, as a friendly adversary in Congress, and most of all as the
cousin of a raven-haired Kentucky belle named Mary Todd.
The realities of war proved far less exciting than Abe’s imagination had conjured. With
thousands of Illinois militiamen engaging the rebellious Indians to the north, there was little for
the volunteers to do but sit and swelter. From an entry dated May 30th, 1832—after weeks
spent camped out miles from the fields of battle:
My men have suffered greatly (from boredom), much blood has been shed (by mosquitoes), and I have swung my ax mightily (chopping firewood). Surely we have earned our place
in the annals of history—for never has there been so little war in a war.
In early July, Abe and his men were finally discharged and began the long journey home,
not a single war story to tell among them. Abe reached New Salem (where he found two letters in need of his “urgent attention”) less than two weeks before the election for state legis-

lature. He resumed his candidacy at once, shaking hands and knocking on doors day and
night. Unfortunately the field had ballooned to thirteen candidates while he’d been away battling mosquitoes. With so much time lost and so many candidates splitting votes, he didn’t
stand a chance.
Abe finished eighth. But there was a silver lining, one that even the depressed and defeated Lincoln couldn’t help but see: of all three hundred votes cast in New Salem, only
twenty-three had been cast against him. Those who knew him overwhelmingly endorsed him.
“It was merely a matter of shaking more hands.”
His political career had begun.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter
II
Lincoln needed a success in the wake of his first political defeat, and he knew just where
to find it. From an entry dated March 6th, 1833:
I shall do what Offutt could not. By God, I shall run a profitable store in New Salem! Berry
*
and I have today purchased the whole on $300 of credit, which we have every expectation of
paying back within two years’ time. In three years, we shall have saved enough to purchase
our building!
Again, the realities proved far less exciting than Abe’s imagination. There were already
two general stores in New Salem by the time Lincoln/Berry opened its doors, and barely
enough demand to keep those open. Historians have puzzled over why a man with Abe’s intellect and his father’s “horse sense” didn’t foresee the problem of adding a third store to the
mix. Or why he seems to have so thoroughly misjudged his partner, William Berry, who
proved shiftless, unreliable, and “perpetually drunk.”
The answer seems to be something more than ambition. With the store on the verge of
collapse less than a year later, Abe’s journal entries grow increasingly exhausted; desperate.
One in particular stands out—not only for its abruptness, but for its closing reference to (we
can only assume) his mother.
I must endure.
I must be more than I am.
I must not fail.
I must not fail her.
But fail he did—at least as far as the world of dry goods and ladies’ hats was concerned.
The Lincoln/Berry store simply “winked out” in 1834, leaving each man with debts of more
than $200. In the end, the unreliable Berry couldn’t even be counted on to stay alive. He died
a few years later, leaving Abe saddled with the whole amount. It would take him seventeen

years to pay it off.
Had the timing been different, Abe might have packed up and left New Salem forever. But
as it happened, there was another election for the Illinois State Legislature just a few short
months off. Having little else to do (“none of Henry’s letters having arrived of late”), and encouraged by his good showing the last time around, Abe resolved to run again—and this time,
he was determined to run properly. He traveled the county on horseback and on foot, stopping to speak with anyone he encountered. He shook the hands of farmhands toiling in the
scorched fields and won their respect with demonstrations of his own frontier-learned skills
and God-given strength. He spoke at churches and taverns, horse races and picnics, peppering his stump speech (undoubtedly written on scraps of paper in his pocket as he traveled)
with self-deprecating stories of flatboat mishaps and mosquito battles.
“I have never seen a man with a greater gift for speaking,” remembered Mentor Graham
after Abe’s death. “He was an ungainly—some might say unpleasant-looking—fellow… tall as
a tree, with pant legs that stopped a good six inches above his shoes. His hair was in a constant state of untidiness; his coat ever in need of pressing. When he took his place in front of
the crowd, they studied him with furrowed brows and folded arms. But when he launched into
his address, their doubts vanished, and they were inevitably moved to thunderous applause—even tears by its conclusion.”
This time he shook enough hands. Abraham Lincoln was elected to the Illinois State Legislature on August 4th, 1834.
A poor son of the frontier, with nary a dollar to his name and not a year of schooling to his
credit, sent to Vandalia *
to speak for his fellow man! A rail-splitter seated beside men of letters! I admit that I am intimidated at the prospect of meeting such men. Will they accept me as their collegue [sic], or
shun me as the unlearned clodhopper with holes in his shoes? In either case, I suspect that
my life is forever changed, and cannot help my excitement as December nears.
Abe’s feeling proved correct. His life would never be the same. He would soon count
statesmen and scholars among his friends; trade the backwoods folksiness of Sangamon
County for the burgeoning sophistication of Vandalia. He’d taken the first step on his way to
being a lawyer. His first step on the road to the White House. But it was only one of two turning points that year.
For he had also fallen madly in love.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter
III
Jack was giving serious thought to turning his crossbow on Abe. They’d just made a
miserable 200-mile trip north to the town of Chicago, sleeping under the freezing stars of late

autumn, trudging through knee-high mud and waist-high water, “and the ganglin’ fool’d done
nothin’ but talk ’bout a girl the whole damned way.”
Her name is Ann Rutledge. I believe her twenty or one-and-twenty years, though I dare
not ask. It matters not. Never has a more perfect creature graced this earth! Never has a man
been more in love than I! I shall write of nothing but her beauty in these pages for as long as I
live.
Armstrong and Lincoln sat with their backs against the rear of a stable stall and their bottoms on a bed of loose hay, their breath visible in the cool night air coming off of Lake
Michigan. A horse’s backside loomed over their heads, every twitch of its tail giving rise to the
fear that something naturally foul was about to occur. They’d been waiting for their prey all
night, one of them speaking in smiling whispers, the other contemplating murder.
“Have you ever been in love, Jack?”
Jack gave no answer.
“It is a strange feeling indeed. One finds oneself intoxicated with happiness for no reason
at all. One’s thoughts turn to the most peculiar things….”
Jack pictured a steaming pile of manure falling into Abe’s mouth.
“I long for the smell of her. Do you think me strange for saying so? I long for the smell of
her, and for the feeling of her delicate fingers in mine. I long to look at—”
The stable doors opened outside. Boot heels against wooden planks. Abe and Jack readied their weapons.
The vampire could not smell us over the animal stench, nor hear us trampling hay. His
footsteps ceased; the stall door opened. Before he had time enough to blink, my ax was
thrown in his chest, and Jack’s arrow shot through his eye and into his brain. He fell backward, shrieking and grabbing at his face as blood ran around the sides of the arrow. Upset by
the noise, his horse reared up—I grabbed it by the bridle for fear that it would trample us both.
As I did so, Jack pulled the ax from the vampire’s chest, raised it above his head, and brought
it down on the creature’s face, splitting it clean in two. The vampire was still. Jack raised the
ax above his head a second time, and brought it down with even greater force. He did this a
third, a fourth time, striking the creature’s head with the blunt side of the blade again and
again until nothing more than a flattened bag of skin and hair and blood remained.
“My God, Armstrong… what’s come over you?”
Jack pulled the ax blade—crunch—from what had formerly been the vampire’s face. He
looked up at Abe, out of breath.
“I pretended he was you.”
Abe held his tongue on the journey home.

Ann Mayes Rutledge was the third of ten children—daughter of New Salem’s cofounder,
James, and his wife, Mary. She was four years Abe’s junior, but every bit his equal when it
came to her appetite for books. She’d been away during most of Abe’s first year and a half in
New Salem, tending to a sickly aunt in Decatur and reading everything she could get her
hands on to pass the time. There is no record of what happened to her aunt (either she died,
got better, or Ann simply grew tired of caring for her), but we know that Ann returned to New
Salem before or during the summer of 1834. We know this because she and Abe first met on
July 29th at the home of Mentor Graham, whose library both borrowed from, and whose tutelage both sought from time to time. Graham remembered her as a twenty-something with
“large, expressive blue eyes,” a “fair complexion,” and auburn hair—“not flaxen as some have
said.” She had “a good mouth and good teeth in it. Sweet as honey and nervous as a butterfly.” He also remembered the moment when Abe first made her acquaintance. “I have never
seen a man’s jaw hang quite so low before or since. He looked up from his book and was hit
square in the heart by that ancient arrow. The two exchanged pleasantries, but I recall the
conversation being one-sided, for Lincoln could hardly keep his wits about him—so struck
was he by this lovely vision. So amazed was he by her love and knowledge of books.”
Abe wrote about Ann that very day.
Never has there been such a girl! Never has a creature so beautiful and so bright existed
in one body! She is a good foot shorter than I, with blue eyes and auburn hair and a shining,
perfect smile. She is a bit slender, though it cannot be held against her, for it suits her kind,
delicate nature. How shall I ever sleep again knowing she is out there in the night? How shall
I ever keep another thought in my head when she is all I care to think about?
Abe and Ann saw more of each other, first at Mentor Graham’s, where they carried on
lively discussions of Shakespeare and Byron; then on long, late summer walks, where they
carried on lively discussions of life and love; then on Ann’s favorite hilltop overlooking the
Sangamon, where they hardly talked at all.
I am almost ashamed to record it here, for I fear it may somehow cheapen the thing itself,
but I cannot resist. Our lips met this afternoon. It happened as we sat upon a blanket, watching the occasional flatboat drift silently by below. “Abraham,” said she. I turned, and was surprised to find her face so close to my own. “Abraham… do you believe what Byron says? That
‘love will find a way through paths where wolves fear to prey’?” I told her that I believed it with
all my heart, and she pressed her mouth to mine without another word.
It is the moment that I wish to remember with my dying breath.
Three months remain before I am required in Vandalia, and I plan to fill every moment of
them with Ann’s company. She is the most fetching… most tender… most brilliant star in the
heavens! Her only fault is that she lacks sense enough to avoid falling in love with such a fool

as I!
Abe would never write with such flowery flourish again. Not of his wife; not even of his children. It was the stomach-turning, obsessive, euphoric love of youth. A first love.
December came “too quickly.” He bade Ann a tearful farewell and rode to Vandalia to take
his oath as a member of the legislature. The prospect of being a “rail-splitter seated beside
men of letters” (which had previously given him fits of excitement) now hardly mattered at all.
For two agonizing months, he sat in the Capitol thinking of Ann Rutledge and little else. When
the session closed at the end of January, he was “out the door before the sound of the gavel
ceased to echo,” and sped home for what would be the best spring of his life.
There is no music sweeter than the sound of her voice. No painting more beautiful than
her smiling face. We sat in the shade of a tree this afternoon, Ann reading Macbeth as I lay
my head across her lap. She held the book in one hand, and played with my hair with the fingers of the other—gently kissing my forehead with each turn of the page. Here, at last, is all
that is right with the world. Here is life. She is the antidote to all the darkness that poisons this
world. When she is near I care nothing of debts or vampires. There is only her.
I have resolved to ask her father’s permission to marry. There is but one insignificant
obstacle in the way of my doing so, and I shall see to its removal at once.
That “insignificant obstacle” was named John MacNamar—and contrary to Abe’s flippant
reference, he posed a serious threat to their happiness.
That’s because he and Ann were engaged to be married.
[MacNamar] is by all accounts a man of questionable character, who pledged his love to
Ann when she was but eighteen, only to depart for New York before such time as they could
marry. The few letters she received from him in Decatur were hardly those of a man in love,
and it has been ages since she has received any word from him at all. Until he releases her,
however, I shall not be satisfied. But I take heart (for the course of true love has never run
smoothly *
) and expect that all shall be swiftly and happily resolved.
Abe did what he did best. He wrote John MacNamar a letter.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter
IV
On the morning of August 23rd, Abe jotted ten innocuous words in his journal:
Note from Ann—not feeling well today. Off to visit.
It had been a perfect summer. Abe and Ann met nearly every day, taking long, pointless
walks along the river, stealing kisses when they were sure no one was looking. It didn’t matter—all of New Salem and Clary’s Grove knew the two were in love, thanks in part to Jack
Armstrong’s constant griping on the subject.

Her mother met me at the door and told me that she wished no visitors, but on hearing our
voices, Ann called me in. I found her lying in bed, an open copy of Don Juan on her chest.
With Mrs. Rutledge’s permission, we sat alone. I took her hand in mine and remarked on its
warmth. Ann smiled at my concern. “It is merely a fever,” she said. “It shall pass.” As we
talked, I could not help the feeling that something else troubled her. Something more than a
summer cold. I pressed her, and her tears confirmed my suspicions. I could scarcely believe
what she next imparted.
Ann’s long-lost fiancé, John MacNamar, had returned.
“He came to see me night before last,” she said. “He was furious, Abe. He looked sickly;
acted strangely. He told me of your letter, and demanded my answer in person. ‘Tell me now
that you love this other man!’ he said. ‘Tell me that, and I shall leave this place tonight and
never return!’ ”
Ann gave her answer: she loved no man but Abraham Lincoln. True to his word, MacNamar left that night. Ann would never see him again. Abe’s fury is evident in an entry made
that evening.
I wrote this MacNamar of our love—asking him to do the gentlemanly thing and release
her. Rather than reply, he crossed a thousand miles of wilderness to waylay a woman he had
ignored these three long years! To claim her as his own after casting her aside! Scoundrel!
Had I been there when the coward appeared, I would have broken his skull and cut strops *
from his back! Yet I rejoice, for he is gone—and with him the only impediment to our happiness. I shall delay no longer! When Ann is recovered, I shall ask her father’s permission.
But Ann would not recover.
By the time Abe returned on the morning of the 24th, she was too sick to speak more than
a few labored words at a time. Her fever grew worse; her breathing shallow. By midday, she
couldn’t speak at all, and slipped in and out of consciousness. When she did wake, it was to
nightmarish delusions—her body convulsing to the point that her bed rattled against the floor.
The Rutledges joined Abe at her side, keeping her compresses cool, the candles burning.
The doctor had been there with his sleeves rolled up since midday. At first, he’d been
“certain” it was typhoid. Now he wasn’t so sure. Delusions, convulsions, coma—and all in
such a short time? He’d never seen anything like it.
But Abe had.
A dread crept over me throughout the course of the day and evening. An old, familiar
dread. I was a boy of nine again, watching my mother sweat and suffer through the same
nightmares. Whispering the same futile prayers; feeling the same unbearable guilt. It was I
who had brought this upon her. I who had written the letter demanding she be released. And
who had I demanded this of? A man who left mysteriously and returned sickly and ashen… a

man who had waited till nightfall to confront his betrothed… a man who would sooner see her
suffer and die than see her in the arms of another.
A vampire.
This time there was no last embrace. No momentary reprieve. This time she merely
slipped away. God’s finest work. Defiled.
Finished.
Ann Rutledge died on August 25th, 1835. She was twenty-two years old.
Abe didn’t take it well.
FIG. 1-3. - ABE WEEPS AS ANN RUTLEDGE WASTES AWAY IN AN ETCHING FROM
TOM FREEMAN’S BOOK ‘LINCOLN’S FIRST LOVE’ (1890).
25th August, 1835
Mr. Henry Sturges
200 Lucas Place, St. Louis
By Express
Dear Henry,
I thank you for your kindness these several years, and beg a parting favor of you. Below is
the name of one who deserves it sooner. The only blessing in this life is the end of it.
John MacNamar
New York
—A
For the next two days, Jack Armstrong and the Clary’s Grove Boys kept watch over him in
round-the-clock shifts. They stripped him of his pocketknife and carpentry tools; took away his
flintlock rifle. They even confiscated his belt for fear that he would hang himself with it. Jack
saw to it that Abe’s hidden stash of hunting weapons was moved well beyond his reach.
For all their care, there was one weapon they missed. None of them thought to look beneath my pillow, where I kept a [pistol] hidden. Jack having briefly left my side that second
night, I retrieved it and pressed the barrel to the side of my head—resolved to be done with it.
I imagined the ball penetrating my skull. I wondered if I would hear the shot, or feel the pain of
it tearing through me. I wondered if I would see my brains strike the opposite wall before I
died, or if I would see nothing but darkness—a bedside candle blown out. I held it there, but I
did not fire….
Live…
I could not….
I could not fail her. I threw the weapon on the floor and wept, damning myself for cowardice. Damning everything. Damning God.

Rather than kill himself that night, Abe did what he always did in times of immense grief or
unbridled joy—he put pen to paper.
The Suicide’s Soliloquy *
Yes! I’ve resolved the deed to do,
And this the place to do it:
This heart I’ll rush a dagger through
Though I in hell should rue it!
Sweet steel! Come forth from out your sheath,
And glist’ning, speak your powers;
Rip up the organs of my breath,
And draw my blood in showers!
I strike! It quivers in that heart
Which drives me to this end;
I draw and kiss the bloody dart,
My last—my only friend!
Henry Sturges galloped into New Salem the next morning.
He sent the others away at once, claiming to be a “close cousin.” The two of us alone, I
imparted the whole of Ann’s murder, making no attempt to hide my grief. Henry took me in his
arms as I wept. I remember this distinctly, for I was doubly surprised—both that a vampire
could show such warmth, and by the sensation of his cold skin.
“It is the fortunate man who does not lose one so loved in his lifetime,” said Henry, “and
we are not fortunate men.”
“You have lost one as beautiful as she? As kind?”
“My dear Abraham… one could fill a cemetery with the women I have wept over.”
“I do not wish to live without her, Henry.”
“I know.”
“She is too beautiful too… too good….”
“I know…”
Abe could not help his tears.
“The more precious His gift,” said Henry, “the more anxious God for its return.”
“I must not be without her….”
Henry sat on the bed beside Abe, holding him in his arms… rocking him like a child… debating with himself.
“There is another way,” he said at last.

Abe sat up straight on the bed; ran a sleeve over his tears.
“The older of us, we… we can wake the deceased, provided the body is whole enough,
and less than a few weeks dead.”
It took Abe a moment to comprehend what Henry had said.
“Swear to me you speak the truth….”
“She would live, Abraham… but I warn you—she would be cursed to live forever.”
Here was the answer to my grief! A way to see the smile of my beloved again—to feel her
delicate fingers in mine! We would sit in the shade of our favorite tree, reading Shakespeare
and Byron for all time, her finger carelessly twirling my hair as I lay in her lap. We would walk
the years away on the banks of the Sangamon! The thought of it brought such relief. Such
bliss…
But it was fleeting. For when I pictured her pale skin, her black eyes and hollow fangs, I
felt nothing of the love we had shared. We would be united, yes—but it would be a cold finger
gently twirling my hair. Not in the shade of our favorite tree, but in the darkness of our curtained house. We would walk the years away on the banks of the Sangamon—but it would be
only I who grew old.
I was tempted to the point of madness, but I could not. I could not indulge the very darkness that had taken her from me. The very evil that had taken my mother.
Ann Rutledge was laid to rest at the Old Concord Burial Ground on Sunday, August 30th.
Abe stood silently as her coffin was lowered into the earth. A coffin he’d insisted on making
himself. He’d inscribed a single line on its lid:
In solitude, where we are least alone.
Henry was waiting outside my cabin upon my return from the funeral. It was not yet midday, and he held a parasol over his head to shield his skin, dark glasses over his eyes. He
asked me to follow him. Not a word passed between us as we walked a half mile into the
woods to a small clearing. There I saw a pale, blond-haired little man tied to a post by his
arms and ankles, stripped naked and gagged. Firewood and kindling had been piled at his
feet, and a large jug placed on the ground near him.
“Abraham,” said Henry, “allow me to introduce Mr. John MacNamar.”
He writhed at the sight of us—his skin covered in blisters and boils. “He is quite new,” said
Henry. “Still sensitive to light.” I felt the pine torch as it was placed in my hand… felt the heat
on my face as it was lit. But my eyes never left John MacNamar’s. “I expect he shall be even
more sensitive to flame,” said Henry. I could think of nothing to say. I could only look at him as
I approached. He shook as I did, trying to free himself. I could not help but pity him. His fear.
His helplessness.

This is madness.
Still, I longed to see him burn. I dropped the torch on the woodpile. He struggled against
his bonds to no avail. Screamed until his lungs bled with nary a sound. The flames grew
waist-high almost at once, forcing me back as his feet and legs began to blacken and burn.
So great was the heat that his blond hair blew continually upward, as if he stood in a gale.
Henry remained close to the flames—nearer than I was able. With the jug in hand, he repeatedly poured water over MacNamar’s head, chest, and back, keeping him alive as his legs
were burned to the bone. Prolonging his agony. I felt tears on my face.
I am dead.
This went on for ten, perhaps fifteen minutes until—at my insistence—he was finally allowed to die. Henry doused the flames and waited for the charred corpse to cool.
Henry placed a gentle hand on Abe’s shoulder. Abe brushed it away.
“Why do you kill your own, Henry? And do me the honor of the truth, for I deserve as
much.”
“I have never given you otherwise.”
“Then say it now and be done with it. Why do you kill your own? And why do—”
“Why do I send you in my stead, yes, yes I know. My God, I forget how young you are.”
Henry ran a hand over his face. This was a conversation he had hoped to avoid.
“Why do I kill my own? I have given you my answer: because it is one thing to feed on the
blood of the old and the sick and the treacherous, but quite another to take sleeping children
from their beds; quite another to march men and women to their deaths in chains, as you
have seen with your own eyes.”
“Then why me? Why not kill them yourself?”
Henry paused to collect his thoughts.
“When I rode here from St. Louis,” he said at last, “I knew that you would not be dead
when I arrived. I knew it with all my heart… because I know your purpose.”
Abe lifted his eyes to meet Henry’s.
“Most men have no purpose but to exist, Abraham; to pass quietly through history as
minor characters upon a stage they cannot even see. To be the playthings of tyrants. But
you… you were born to fight tyranny. It is your purpose, Abraham. To free men from the
tyranny of vampires. It has always been your purpose, since you first sprang from your mother’s womb. And I have seen it emanating from your every pore since the night we first met.
Shining from you as brightly as the sun. Do you think that it was some accident that brought
us together? Do you think it was mere chance that the first vampire I sought to kill in more
than a hundred years was the one who led me to you?

“I can see a man’s purpose, Abraham. It is my gift. I can see it as clearly as I see you
standing before me now. Your purpose is to fight tyranny…
“… and mine is to see that you win.”
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter
SEVEN
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter
The Fatal First
I have now come to the conclusion never again to think of marrying, and for this reason; I
can never be satisfied with anyone who would be blockhead enough to have me.
—Abraham Lincoln, in a letter to Mrs. Orville H. Browning
April 1st, 1838
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter
I
Abe was on the second floor of a plantation house. He’d seen so many of them on his
trips down the Mississippi—the oversize, four-columned wonders built by the hands of slaves.
But he’d never been inside. Not until tonight.
I held Jack in my arms, his innards visible through the slit that ran across his belly. I saw
the color leave his face… saw the fear in his eyes. And then the nothingness. My brave,
sturdy friend. The roughest man in Clary’s Grove. Gone. And yet I could not grieve him
now—for I too remained perilously close to death.
It had been another simple errand, another name on Henry’s list. But this place was different. Extraordinary. Abe was on his knees, certain he’d stumbled into some kind of vampire
hive.
How many there were I did not know. I set Jack’s body down and entered a long secondfloor hallway, ax in hand, my long coat torn by the very claws that had taken my friend’s life.
Open doors ran the length of this corridor, and as I walked cautiously forward, each revealed
a scene more horrid than the last. In one, the tiny bodies of three children hung from ropes by
their ankles—their throats cut. Pails placed beneath them to catch their blood. In another, the
withered, white-eyed corpse of a woman in a rocking chair. One of her skeletal hands rested
atop the head of a child in her lap, not quite as decayed as she. Down the corridor… the remains of a woman lying in bed. Farther… a squat vampire with a stake through his heart. All
the while I heard the sounds of the floors creaking around me. Above and below. I crept down
the corridor… closer to the grand staircase at its end. On reaching its railing, I turned back to
perceive the whole of the hallway. Suddenly there was a vampire before me—though I could
not see his face against the light. He took the ax from my hand and threw it aside… lifted me
clear off the ground by my collar. Now I saw his face.

It was Henry.
“It is your purpose to free men from tyranny, Abraham,” he said. “And to do so, you must
die.” Upon this, he threw me over the railing. My body fell toward the foyer’s marble floor. And
fell. For all time.
It was the last nightmare Abe would ever have in New Salem.
It had taken him months to emerge from the crippling depression brought on by Ann’s
death—and while it had renewed his hatred of vampires, he found himself without the energy
and passion to hunt them. Now, when a letter from St. Louis arrived in Henry’s handwriting, it
might go unopened for days (and once opened, it might be weeks before Abe attended to the
name inside). Sometimes, if the errand required too much travel, he sent Jack Armstrong in
his stead. His despondency is clear in an entry dated November 18th, 1836.
I have given too much of myself already. Henceforth, I shall hunt only when it is convenient for me to do so, and only because it honors the memory of my angel mother… only because it honors Ann’s memory. I care not for the unsuspecting gentleman on the darkened
city street. I care not for the Negro sold at auction, or the child taken from its bed. Protecting
them has not profited me in the least. On the contrary, it has left me even poorer, for the items
my errands require are furnished at my own expense. And the days and weeks spent hunting
are days and weeks without a wage. If what Henry says is the truth—if I am truly meant to
free men from tyranny—then I must begin by freeing myself. There is nothing for me here [in
New Salem]. The store is failed, and I fear the village is not far behind. Henceforth my life
shall be my own.
Abe had been encouraged to pursue law by his old Blackhawk War friend John T. Stuart,
who had a small practice in Springfield. After studying entirely on his own (and only in his
spare time), Abe obtained a law license in the fall of 1836. Shortly thereafter, Stuart asked
him to partner up. On April 12th, 1837, the two men ran an advertisement in The Sangamon
Journal announcing their new venture, located in Springfield at “Number Four Hoffman’s Row,
Upstairs.” Three days later, Abe rode solemnly into Springfield on a borrowed horse, carrying
everything he owned in a pair of saddlebags. He was twenty-eight years old, and he was penniless—“the whole of my money going toward my debts, and the requisite books of my new
profession.” He tied up outside A. Y. Ellis & Co., a general store on the west side of the
square, “and moseyed in with not so much as an acorn in my pocket.” The clerk was a
slender man named Joshua Fry Speed, twenty-four years old, with jet-black hair and a
“graceful” face that framed two “unnervingly” blue eyes.
I found him at once odd and bothersome. “Are you new to Springfield, sir? May I interest
you in a hat, sir? What news from the county, sir? Must you routinely stoop to fit through doorways, sir?” Never had I been asked so many questions! Never had I been so unwillingly

dragged into conversation! I would not have dreamt of treating my customers in such a way
during my own tenure as a clerk. I could not go from one shelf to the next without him buzzing
about like a horsefly asking questions, when all I cared to do was conclude my business and
be on my way. To this end, I handed him a list of goods—including the chemicals I required
for my hunts.
“You will forgive my saying so,” said Speed, “but these are strange requests indeed.”
“They are what I require. I shall be glad to furnish you with the names of the—”
“Strange indeed—sir, are you certain we have not met?”
“Sir, are you able you order them or not?”
“Yes, I am sure of it! Yes… yes, I saw you give a speech July last at Salisbury! On the
need for improving the Sangamon? Do you not remember, sir? Joshua Speed? A fellow Kentuckian?”
“I really must be on my—”
“A fine speech indeed! Of course, I believe you quite mistaken on the subject—every dollar spent on that miserable creek is a dollar wasted. But what a speech!”
He pledged to order the whole of my list at once, and (much to the relief of my weary ears)
busied himself copying its contents. Before taking my leave, I inquired as to whether he knew
of any rooms for rent—preferably cheap ones, as I had no money to pay at the moment.
“Well, sir… if you have no money, am I to take your meaning as ‘cheap,’ or ‘free’?”
“On credit.”
“Ah, ‘credit,’ yes… you will forgive my saying so, but I have learned that ‘credit’ is a French
word meaning ‘I shall never pay you.’ ”
“I square my debts.”
“Oh, I doubt it not, I doubt it not. All the same, sir—you shall not find such a room in
Springfield. People here are strangely accustomed to trading their wares for money.”
“I see… well, thank you for your time. Good day.”
Perhaps he pitied my circumstances or my weary countenance. Perhaps he was merely
as friendless as I. In any case, he stopped me and offered to share his own room above the
store “on credit—until such time as you are able to strike out on your own.” I will admit that I
considered refusing him. The idea of sharing a room with such a pestering fly! I should rather
take my chances in a stable loft! But, having no better option, I thanked him and accepted.
“You will, of course, require time to move,” said Speed.
Abe walked outside. A moment later, he returned with his saddlebags and set them on the
floor.
“I am moved.”

Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter
II
Springfield was booming. Wooden shacks and oxcarts were giving way to brick buildings
and carriages, and there seemed to be two politicians for every farmer. It was a long way from
New Salem—and even farther from the frontier hardship of Little Pigeon Creek. But for all the
excitement and advantage of urban life, there also came a cruelty that Abe was unaccustomed to. His description of one incident is a window into the growing violence of a growing
city, and further evidence of Lincoln’s lingering melancholy.
I witnessed a woman and her husband shot and killed today—the latter being the responsible party in both deaths. I was on the street in front of our office, talking with a client, Mr.
John S. Wilbourn, when I heard a scream and saw a woman of perhaps five-and-thirty years
running out of Thompsons’. *
A man came running after her with a pepperbox, **
leveled it, and shot her square in the back. She fell face forward in the street, grabbing at her
gut, then rolled onto her back and made an effort to sit upright. She could not. Wilbourn and I
raced toward her at once, caring not that her husband stood over her, pistol in hand. Others
came into the street, alerted by the noise, and as they did they were met with the sound of a
second shot. This one left a hole in the husband’s head. He, too, fell—blood pouring from the
wound with every beat of his heart.
It is a strange thing how quickly the body dies. How fragile a force our presence is. In an
instant the soul is gone—leaving an empty, insignificant vessel in its stead. I have read of
those sent to the gallows and gillotines [sic] of Europe. I have read of the great wars of ages
past, and men slaughtered by the tens of thousands. And we give but fleeting consideration to
their deaths, for it is our nature to banish such thoughts. But in doing so we forget that they
were each as alive as we, and that one length of rope—one bullet or blade—took the whole of
their lives in that last, fragile instant. Took their earliest days as swaddled infants, and their
grayest unfulfilled futures. When one thinks of how many souls have suffered this fate in all of
history—of the untold murders of untold men, women, and children… it is too much to bear.
Fortunately, Lincoln’s duties as a lawyer and lawmaker kept him too busy to dwell on
death for very long. When he wasn’t required at a committee hearing or a vote, he was likely
deposing a client in his office, or filing a suit at the Springfield courthouse (most of his cases
concerned land disputes or unpaid debts). Twice a year, Abe joined a group of his fellow lawyers on a three-month tour of the eighth Judicial Circuit, an area made up of fourteen counties
in central and eastern Illinois. There were dozens of settlements on the circuit, and precious
few courthouses. So when the weather permitted, the courthouse came to them, lawyers,

judge, and all. For Abe, these trips were more than an escape from the long, candlelit hours
at his desk. They were a chance to catch up on his vampire hunts.
Knowing that my work would take me twice yearly around the circuit, I deferred certain errands until such time as they were more suitable. By day my fellow lawyers and I tried cases,
using churches or taverns as our courts. In the evenings we gathered at the supper table and
discussed the business of the coming day. And at night, when all but a few were asleep in the
overstuffed rooms of our boardinghouse, I ventured out with my coat and ax.
One hunt in particular stood out in Abe’s memory:
I’d received a letter from Henry bearing the instructions: “E. Schildhaus. Half mile beyond
the north end of Mill Street, Athens, Illinois.” Rather than set out straightaway and dispense
God’s justice, I chose to wait until such time as my work brought me to Athens. And so arrived
the day, two months later, when our traveling mob was due in the little town to the north, and
the lawyers gathered at the tavern that was to serve as our courthouse. Here they were introduced to the plaintiffs and defendants whose cases they would argue in just a few hours’
time. Having been sick most of the night before, I was unable to join Stuart until midday, by
which time our case was already before the judge. It was a matter of some small debt owed
by our client—an older red-haired woman named Betsy. I recall only that we lost, and that I
contributed nothing to the effort beyond a parting, apologetic handshake with her—much distracted by my illness. That night, Stuart having turned in along with most of our mob, I unpacked my coat and ax and quietly made for the address on Henry’s letter. As I was feeling
feverish, I had elected to simply knock on the door and drive my ax into whoever opened it, so
that I might return to bed with the utmost expediency. The door swung open.
It was my client, Betsy—her red hair held in place by an ivory comb. I closed my coat in
hopes of hiding the ax beneath it.
“May I help you, Mr. Lincoln?”
“I—I apologize for intruding at this late hour, ma’am. I must be mistaken.”
“Oh?”
“Yes, ma’am. I understood this to be the home of an E. Schildhaus.”
“Indeed it is.”
A vampire and a woman under one roof?
“Mr. Lincoln, you must excuse my asking, but are you well? You look rather pallid.”
“Fine, ma’am, thank you. May I… do you think I might speak with Mr. Schildhaus a moment?”
“Mr. Lincoln,” she said, laughing, “you are speaking with her.”
E. Schildhaus…

Elizabeth…
Betsy.
She caught sight of the ax in my coat. Read my face. My eyes. My thoughts. At once I was
on my back fighting to keep her fangs from my neck, my ax knocked out of reach. I pulled at
her red hair with my right hand and reached into my coat with the left. Here I found a small
knife, which I used to stab any part of her that I could reach: her neck, her back, the very
arms she pinned me with. I brought the blade down again and again, until at last she released
me and sprang to her feet. I did the same, and we circled each other cautiously—I holding the
knife in front of my body; she staring at me with those black marbles. Then, just as quickly as
she had attacked, she stopped… and held her hands in the air as if to surrender.
“I must know… what quarrel have we, Mr. Lincoln?”
“Your quarrel is with God. I merely wish to offer Him the opportunity to judge you.”
“Very good,” she laughed. “That is very good. Well, for your sake, I pray you are a better
combatant than you are a lawyer.”
She struck at me, and in doing so knocked the knife from my hand—my strength diminished by fever. Her fists flew about my face and belly faster than I could perceive them, and I
tasted the salt of fresh blood in my mouth. She drove me back with each blow, until I could no
longer keep my feet steady beneath me. For the first time since the night Henry had saved my
life, I felt death looking over my shoulder.
Henry was wrong….
I collapsed, and she was on me at once—my arm shaking as I again held her by the hair.
And then her fangs were in my shoulder. The pain of punctured flesh and muscle. The heat of
blood rushing to the wound. The pressure in my veins. I stopped pulling at her hair and laid
my hand flat upon her head, as if comforting a friend in a time of grief. All apprehension left
me now. All pain. The warmth of whiskey. An unknown joy.
These are the last moments of my life.
I struck the martyr against the ivory comb in her hair. It lit—brighter than the sun, a halo
behind her head. Her red hair burst into flame and I felt her fangs leave me; heard her
screams as she rolled on the ground—the fire spreading to her clothes, refusing to let her go.
With the last of my strength, I got to my knees, retrieved my ax, and buried it in her brain. She
was no more, but I had not the strength to bury her, or walk the mile to my boardinghouse. I
dragged her body inside, closed the door, and—after helping myself to a torn strip of her bedsheets to dress my wounds—helped myself to her bed.
I do not expect I shall ever again have the opportunity of defending and murdering a client
in the same day.

When Abe rode circuit, his hunts were confined to darkness. But when he worked out of
Springfield, he grew increasingly fond of hunting during the day.
One of my favorite tricks was setting a sleeping vampire’s house alight when the sun was
highest in the sky. This left the devil with two unsavory options: meet me in the daylight,
where he would be weak and half blind, or remain inside and burn. I cared not which he
chose.
By the time Abe won reelection to the State Legislature in 1838, he was becoming known
around Springfield as an eloquent speaker and capable lawyer. A man with ability and ambition to match. A man worthy of esteem. He was twenty-nine years old, and in just over a
year’s time, he’d gone from a penniless newcomer on a borrowed horse to a man who moved
with the capital’s elite (though thanks to his debts, he remained penniless). He charmed dinner party guests with his backwoods folksiness and impressed fellow legislators with his easy
grasp of the issues. “His table manners are a bit rough,” wrote fellow Whig Ebenezer Ryan to
a friend, “and his suits in need of mending. But he is possessed of the finest mind I have ever
known, and has a gift for forming his thoughts into eloquent turns of phrase. I expect he could
be governor someday.”
Abe also thought less often of Ann Rutledge.
It is true what they say of time. I find my melancholy much improved of late, and take to
my errands with renewed zeal. Mother sends news that she and my half-siblings are in good
health. *
I have a fine partner in Stuart, a pestilent but well-meaning friend in Speed, and the respect of
the finest men in Springfield. Were it not for my debts, I should be the happiest of men. And
yet I cannot escape the feeling that there is something missing.
John T. Stuart had a plan.
It had taken some convincing, but he’d finally managed to drag his junior partner to the cotillion at his cousin Elizabeth’s.
Having much business to attend to, I did not think it a good use of my time. Yet Stuart kept
at me—pestering me as [his stepbrother] John had years before. “Life is more than papers,
Lincoln! Come now! It shall do our health wonders to be out among people.” This continued
for the better part of an hour, until I had no choice but relent. On reaching the Edwardses’
house (before I’d so much as shaken the snow from my soles), Stuart whisked me through
the house and introduced me to a young lady seated in the parlor. It was then that his scheme
became clear.
Her name was Mary Todd—Stuart’s cousin, and a new arrival to Springfield. Abe recorded
his first impressions of her that very night, December 16th, 1839.

She is a fascinating creature, just this week turned one-and-twenty, but so gifted in conversation—and not in the stilted, learned manner of excessive breeding, but rather in a natural, God-given way. A tiny, witty thing with a pleasing round face and dark hair. Fluent in
French; trained in dance and music. My eye could not help but return to her, time and time
again. More than once I caught her staring back, her hand cupped to the ear of a friend—both
laughing at my expense. Oh, I am keen to know her more! When the evening was all but concluded and I could bear it no longer, I greeted her with a low bow, saying “Miss Todd, I want
to dance with you in the worst way.”
Legend has it that Mary later told friends: “And he certainly did.”
She was strangely drawn to the tall, unrefined lawyer. Despite the gulf of wealth and
breeding that divided them, there were a few crucial similarities that would form the basis of
their relationship: Both lost their mothers at a young age, and continued to be defined by that
loss. Both were decisive, emotional creatures—prone to soaring highs and abyssal lows. And
both enjoyed nothing more than a good joke (especially when it came at the expense of
“some deserving charlatan”). As Mary would write in her diary that winter, “He is not the handsomest suitor I have ever known, nor the most refined—but he is without question the
cleverest. Yet there is a sadness that accompanies his wit. I find him quite strange… strange
yet intriguing.”
But as much as she was intrigued by Abe, Mary was torn, for she was already being courted by a short, stocky Democrat named Stephen A. Douglas. Douglas was a rising star in his
party, and a man of considerable means, especially when compared to Lincoln. He could
provide Mary with the lifestyle she’d grown accustomed to. But while he was undeniably brilliant and undeniably rich, he was also (in Mary’s words) “undeniably dull.”
“In the end,” she recalled in a letter written years later, “I decided that it was more important to laugh than eat.”
She and Abe became engaged in late 1840. But while the two were “in hearty love and a
hurry to get hitched,” there was still the small matter of getting permission from Mary’s father.
The young couple wouldn’t have to wait long for his answer. Mary’s parents were due in
Springfield for Christmas. It was to be Abe’s first encounter with his future in-laws.
Robert Smith Todd was a wealthy businessman and a fixture in Lexington, Kentucky, society. Like Abe, he was both lawyer and lawmaker. Unlike Abe, he’d amassed a great deal of
wealth, some of which he’d used to purchase slaves for the mansion that he shared with his
second wife and some of their fifteen children.
I am unnerved at the prospect of being judged by a man of such influence and accomplishments. What if he should think me a fool or a peasant? What then of our love? I can think
of nothing else. It has given me no shortage of worry these two weeks.

Abe needn’t have worried. The meeting went better than he could have hoped—at least
according to the poem Mary dashed off to Lexington the next day, December 31st:
My darling Abe was at his best,
our darling father, most impressed.
The happy news (you might have guessed),
is that our union has been blessed!
As one post rider carried her poem to Lexington, another delivered a letter to her newly
blessed fiancé. It was addressed “urgent” in Henry’s unmistakable scrawl—and carefully
worded (as all the letters that passed between him and Abe were) to avoid any direct mention
of vampires lest it be delivered to the wrong hands.
Dearest Abraham,
Received your letter of 18th December. Please accept my heartiest congratulations on
your engagement. Miss Todd seems to be possessed of many fine qualities, and judging by
your lengthy description of each, you have clearly been possessed by them.
However, I must caution you, Abraham, and I do so only after much deliberation—for I
know that this letter will not come as welcome news. The woman to whom you are engaged is
the daughter of a Mr. Robert Smith Todd, known to all of Lexington as a gentleman of means
and might. But know the truth: that his power is built on treacherous ground. That he is more
a friend to my kind than yours. That his allies are the very worst of us—the sort whose names
I have sent you these many years. He has been their champion in the statehouse. Their
private bank in matters of business. He has even profited from the sale of Negroes intended
for that cruelest of fates.
It is not my intention to discourage you from the match, for the daughter cannot be held to
account for the sins of the father. However, being so intimately connected with such a man
could prove dangerous. I ask only that you give the matter serious consideration, and keep
your wits about you—whatever your decision may be.
Yours ever,
—H
History would remember the next day as Lincoln’s “fatal first” of January.
Well, it is done. I have destroyed the woman I love without so much as an explanation. I
have destroyed her happiness and my own. I am the most miserable creature that ever lived,
and I deserve whatever sorrows are in store. I expect—nay, I hope there will be many.
Abe had called on Mary that morning and broken off the engagement, muttering through
his tears (“I recall not a word of it”) before running out into the cold.
I knew that I would never be able to shake her father’s hand again, nor look him in the eye
without betraying my rage. To think that my children would share his blood! A man who con-

spired against his own kind! A man who profited from the deaths of innocents, their color be
damned! I could not bear it. And what was I to do? Tell Mary the truth? Impossible. I had but
one choice.
For the second time in five years, his thoughts turned to suicide. And for the second time
in five years, it was his mother’s dying wish that kept him from following through.
John T. Stuart was visiting with relatives. All but a few of his fellow legislators had left to
welcome the New Year in their respective districts. There was only one person in all of
Springfield whom Abe could turn to.
“But you are in love with her!” said Speed. “Why in the devil would you go and do such a
stupid thing?”
Abe sat on his bed in the tiny room above A. Y. Ellis & Co.—the bed he shared with the
half-mad “pestering fly” buzzing about the room.
“I ache to be with her, Speed… but I cannot.”
“On account of her father? The same man who gave you his blessing not—not six or eight
days ago?”
“The same.”
“You ache to be with her… her father has given his blessing. You must explain how courtship works here in Illinois, for I have clearly misunderstood some part of it.”
“I have since learned that her father is a party to wickedness. That he keeps the worst
kind of company. I can have none of it.”
“If I loved a woman as you love Mary, her father could dine with the devil himself and it
would not alter my affections.”
“You do not understand….”
“Then make me understand! How can I be of any use if all you do is speak in riddles?”
Abe could feel it on the tip of his tongue.
“You can trust me to keep any secret, Lincoln.”
“When you say ‘dine with the devil,’ well… you are closer to the truth than you know. I say
he keeps company of the worst kind. What I mean to say is… he is a friend of evil, Speed. A
friend of creatures who care not for human life. Creatures who would kill you or me and feel
all the remorse of an elephant who stepped on an ant.”
“Ah… you mean he is a friend of vampires.”
Abe felt the blood leave his fingertips.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter
III
Joshua Speed had never felt at home with the other “well-bred boys” of St. Joseph’s
Academy. He liked to play pranks. Tell jokes. He liked to dream of life on the wild frontier,

“where men were few and arrows flew.” He couldn’t stand the thought of suffering his father’s
quiet life of privilege. He yearned for something more—to strike out on his own and see the
world. When he was nineteen, this yearning led him to Springfield, where he bought a stake in
A. Y. Ellis. But filling orders and keeping inventory hadn’t proved the “wild frontier” he was
looking for.
In early 1841, not long after Abe’s fatal first of January, Speed sold his interests and returned to Kentucky, leaving Lincoln to enjoy the room above the store by himself.
Arrived at Farmington. Must sleep.
It was August, and Abe had come to the Speed family’s Kentucky estate, Farmington, for
some much-needed time away from his troubles. He hadn’t ventured out in months for fear of
running into Mary or her friends, and his name was “treated as a profanity in every parlor in
Springfield.” Speed had written his old roommate and insisted he come for “as long as is necessary to heal your troubles.”
Abe was more relaxed than he had been in years, or ever would be again. He took leisurely rides around the estate on horseback. Ventured into Lexington. Lazed afternoons away
on the porch of the giant plantation house (the first he had actually set foot inside, his nightmares notwithstanding). If there was one drawback to life at Farmington, it was the inescapable sight of slaves. They were everywhere—in the house; in the fields.
Riding on the road to town today, I saw a dozen Negroes chained together like so many
fish upon a trotline. It causes me no small discomfort to be among them. To be surrounded by
them. Not only because I think their servitude a sin, but because they remind me of all that I
wish to forget.
Abe and Joshua Speed talked the days away. They spoke of Britain’s might; of the steam
engine. And they spoke of vampires.
“My own father dealt with the devils, I am ashamed to say,” said Speed. “They were hardly
a secret among men of his stature, and a poorly kept one in our home, my older brothers having been enlisted in his efforts to win their favor.”
“So he sold Negroes to them?”
“The old and the lame, as a rule. He believed it a double blessing—a way to be rid of a
useless slave and make a profit doing so. Once or twice he sold off a healthy buck, or a
wench with child. Those fetched a higher price as they had more bl—”
“Enough! How can you speak of them so? Speak of men as cattle led to slaughter?”
“If I have given the impression that I take their murders lightly, I apologize. I do not, Abe.
Nor have I ever. To the contrary, vampires are chief among the reasons that I never sought
the warmth of my father’s esteem, or mourned his passing with more than a few tears. How
could I accept it, when I have heard the screams of men and women feasted upon to line his

pockets? When I have seen the faces of those demons through the spaces between wooden
planks? If I could banish it from my memory… if I could atone for what was done here, I would
do so.”
“Then atone for it.”
Speed needed little convincing. He needed only be told that hunting vampires was both
dangerous and thrilling, much like the wild frontier of his imagination. As I had with Jack, *
I shared the whole of my knowledge—teaching him how and when to strike; sparring with him
to build his poise. Like Jack, he was impatient, too eager to run headlong into the fight. But
where Jack could rely on his strength to carry the day, the slender Speed could not. I tried to
impress upon him the immense force and quickness possessed by vampires; how very close
he would be to death. I feared he did not fully understand. Yet such was his eager spirit that I
found myself once again excited at the prospect of hunting.
Abe came up with an audacious plan, one that would put his inexperienced friend at minimal risk and kill six birds with one stone. In late August, Joshua Speed wrote a letter to six of
his father’s former associates, each a frequent buyer of unwanted slaves. Each a vampire.
The day having arrived, I found myself filled with apprehension. How could I have been so
rash? Six vampires! And with a novice as my partner! How I wished we had more time! How I
wished we had Jack by our side!
But it was too late to turn back. Six men joined Joshua Speed on the shaded porch of the
overseer’s **
—one a gray-bearded man of seventy; one boyish and barely in his twenties; the other four in
between. All of them wore dark glasses and carried folded parasols.
Speed had arranged for several Negroes to gather near the house, and instructed them to
“make merry with their gospel.” Such was their singing and clapping that one could hear little
else while waiting on the porch outside. As we had planned, Speed invited the vampires in
one by one, taking their money and leading them to the waiting feast inside.
Five can’t catch me and ten can’t hold me—ho, round the corn, Sally…
But it was I who waited with my ax—and on their rounding the corner from the hall to the
parlor, I swung it at their throats with the whole of my strength (which, in those days, was considerable). Of the first five vampires, all but one had his head taken on the first try. Only the
third required a second effort, the blade having lodged in his face instead of his neck.
I can bank, ginny-bank, ginny-bank the weaver—ho, round the corn, Sally…
The last vampire was the youngest in appearance, but elderly in spirit. He grew annoyed
at being made to wait on the porch alone, and helped himself inside the house. Unfortunately
he did so just as the head of his colleague rolled into the hall.

The boyish vampire ran to his waiting horse, jumped on its back without breaking stride,
and galloped off.
Speed was first through the door. He jumped on the second horse, dug his heels in, and
gave chase before I could even mount the third. It was an old-fashioned horse race now, and
Speed rode reckless, standing on his stirrups and beating his foot against the animal’s belly.
The vampire saw him gaining and did the same, but his horse was a good ten years slower.
Speed pulled up alongside without so much as a pocketknife to stab him with or a pebble to
throw.
Speed pulled his feet from the stirrups one at a time, held the horn of his saddle with two
hands, and stood. With both horses in a full gallop, he jumped, grabbing the vampire and
dragging him to the ground. Both men tumbled in the dirt as their horses sped on. Speed
struggled to his feet, dizzy—the sun blinding. Before he’d had time to shake the dust from his
ears, a fist knocked him ten yards through the air and onto his back. He gasped for breath
and brought a hand to his face, where a gash had been opened on his left cheek. The sun
was suddenly eclipsed by the shape of a vampire standing over him. “You ungrateful little
cur,” he said. Speed felt his innards rattle as the vampire delivered a kick to his gut.
“Who do you suppose paid for all this land?”
Another kick. Another. Speed saw flashes of color with the pain; felt his mouth fill with a
strange taste. He couldn’t help but be sick.
The vampire grabbed him by the collar. “Your father would be ashamed,” he said.
“I… c-certainly hope s-so… ,” muttered Speed.
The vampire raised a clawed hand and prepared to bring it down on Speed’s throat.
Fortunately the head of an ax burst through his chest before he had the chance.
As the vampire fell to his knees, grabbing helplessly at the blade, blood pouring from his
mouth, Abe pulled up on his reins and dismounted. Quickly placing two hands on the handle
and one foot on the vampire’s back, he freed the ax, then delivered a fatal blow to the
creature’s skull.
“Speed,” he said, rushing to his friend’s side. “My God…”
“Well,” said Speed, “I believe that’s enough atonement for one day.”
Abe found Springfield “lonesome and lifeless” upon his return. His time at Farmington had
done wonders for his melancholy, “but with no friend to share my lonely hours, what difference if I be in the happiest or worst of moods?”
I care not that [Mary’s father] is a scoundrel, only that I love his daughter unconditionally.
Speed is right—what is there in the world but our own small happiness? I have given the matter my serious consideration. Let Henry protest. Let the consequences come. I have resolved
to pledge myself anew if she will have me.

“And why should I marry the man who left me to suffer alone?” asked Mary as Abe stood
in the doorway of her cousin’s house. “The man who left me without so much as an explanation!”
Abe looked down at the hat in his hands. “I do not—”
“Who made a mockery of my name in this city!”
“My dearest Mary, I have only my humble—”
“Pray, what sort of husband would such a man make? A man who, at any moment, might
suffer a change of heart and leave me to suffer anew? Tell me, Mr. Lincoln, what enticement
have I to pledge myself to such a man?”
Abe looked up from his hat. “Mary,” he said, “if it is my faults you wish to address, then we
shall find ourselves standing here a week’s time. I do not come to torment you further. I come
to merely lay myself at your feet; to beg your forgiveness. I come with a pledge to spend my
life reconciling whatever grief I have caused you these long months. If my offer is insufficient—if the sight of me brings you anything other than happiness—then you may close that
door knowing that my face shall never trouble you again.”
Mary stood in silence. Abe took a small step back, expecting the door to be slammed in
his face at any moment.
“Oh, Abraham, I love you still!” she cried, and leapt into his arms.
Their engagement resumed, Abe wasted no time. He bought two gold wedding rings (on
credit, of course) at Chatteron’s in Springfield. He and Mary settled on a simple engraving to
grace the inside of both.
Love is Eternal
Abraham Lincoln and Mary Todd were married on a rainy Friday evening on November
4th, 1842, in the home of Elizabeth Edwards, Mary’s cousin. In all, there were fewer than
thirty guests looking on as they exchanged vows.
After the ceremony, Mary and I stole away to the parlor while dinner was served, so that
we might spend our first moments as husband and wife in quiet solitude. We shared a tender
kiss or two, and looked at each other with a certain perplexity—for it was a strange thing to be
married. A strange and wonderful thing.
“My darling Abraham,” said Mary at last. “Do not ever leave me again.”
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter
IV
On May 11th, 1843, Abe wrote to Joshua Speed.
What a wonder these months have been, Speed! What bliss! Mary is as devoted and loving a wife as one could want, and I am pleased, Speed—so very pleased to share the happy
news that she is with child! We are both overjoyed, and Mary has already begun the task of

preparing our home for the arrival. What a fine mother she will make! Please write me immediately, for I wish to know how your recovery is progressing.
The evening of August 1st, 1843, was an unusually hot one, and the open window did little
to relieve the heat in Abe and Mary’s tiny second-floor room at the Globe Tavern. Passersby
looked up at that open window with intense curiosity as sounds bled into the night air—first of
a woman’s pain, and then of a shrill cry.
A son! Mother and child in the best of health!
Mary has done perfectly. It is not six hours since the child’s birth, and already she holds
little Robert in her arms, singing to him sweetly. “Abe,” she said to me as he fed, “look what
we have done.” I admit that tears filled my eyes. Oh, if only this moment could stretch on for
all eternity.
Robert Todd Lincoln (Mary insisted; Abe held his tongue) was born a scant ten months
after his parents’ wedding day.
I find myself staring at him for hours on end. Holding him against my chest and feeling the
gentle rhythms of his breath. Running my fingers over the smooth skin of his fat, delightful
feet. I admit that I smell his hair when he sleeps. Nibble at his fingers when he holds them
near. I am his servant, for I shall do anything to earn his slightest smile.
Abe took to parenthood with a passion. But two decades of burying loved ones had taken
their toll. As the months went on and Robert grew, Abe seemed increasingly obsessed with
losing his son, whether to sickness or some imagined accident. In his journal entries, he
began to do something he hadn’t in years: he began to bargain with God.
My only wish is to see him become a man. To have his own family gathered beside him at
my grave. Nothing else. I shall happily trade every ounce of my own happiness for his. My
own accomplishments for his. Please, Lord, let no harm come to him. Let no misfortune befall
him. If ever you require one to punish, I beg you—let it be me.
In accordance with his hopes of seeing Robert reach adulthood, and in hopes of preserving the happiness he’d found in married life, Abe came to a difficult decision in the autumn of 1843.
My dance with death must end. I cannot risk leaving Mary without a husband, nor Robert
without a father. I have this very morning written Henry and told him that he should no longer
count on my ax.
After twenty years of battling vampires, the time had come to hang up his long coat for
good. And after eight years in the State Legislature, his moment to be recognized had come
as well.
In 1846, he was nominated as the Whig candidate for the United States Congress.

Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter
EIGHT
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter
“Some Great Calamity”
The true rule, in determining to embrace, or reject any thing, is not whether it have any evil
in it; but whether it have more of evil, than of good. There are few things wholly evil, or wholly
good.
—Abraham Lincoln, in a speech in the House of Representatives
June 20th, 1848
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter

I
When Abe retired from hunting in late 1843, he left one of Henry’s errands unfinished.
I made innocent mention of this in letters to Armstrong and Speed, and (as had secretly
been my hope) both expressed interest in completing it. Because they remained relative
strangers to the art of hunting vampires, I thought it best if they worked together.
Joshua Speed and Jack Armstrong met for the first time in St. Louis on April 11th, 1844. If
Speed’s letter (to Abe, written three days later) is any indication, it didn’t go well.
As your letter instructed, we met at the tavern on Market Street yesterday midday. Your
description [of Armstrong] was precise, Abe! He is more bull than man! Broader than a barn
and stronger than Samson himself! Yet you failed to mention that he is also a cur. As thickskulled as he is thick. You must forgive my saying so, for I know he is your friend, but never in
my thirty years have I encountered a more disagreeable, pugnacious, humorless man! It is
obvious why you recruited him (for the same reason one recruits a big, dumb ox to pull a
heavy cart). But why you—a man of the finest mind and temperament—would keep his company otherwise I shall never comprehend.
Armstrong never wrote about his impressions of Speed, but it’s likely they were just as unflattering. The wealthy, dashing Kentuckian was spirited and chatty, qualities that Armstrong
would have found irksome in the toughest of men. Speed, however, was soft-handed and
slight, the very kind of “dandy” that the Clary’s Grove Boys would have stuffed in a barrel and
sent down the Sangamon.
Out of nothing more than respect for you, dear friend, we agreed to forgo our grievances
and see the errand through.
Their target was a well-known professor named Dr. Joseph Nash McDowell, dean of
medicine at Kemper College.
Henry had warned me [about McDowell]. The doctor was an “especially paranoid specimen,” he’d said. Paranoid to the extent that he wore an armor breastplate beneath his clothes
at all times, lest some assassin try to stake him through the heart. I related this to Armstrong
and Speed, and added my own warning: because McDowell’s “death” would likely cause a stir
in St. Louis, they must take care to remain unseen during the errand, and avoid making inquiries as to the doctor’s whereabouts. To do either would be disastrous.
Armstrong and Speed did both.
The reluctant duo stood at the corner of Ninth and Cerre Streets that April afternoon, each
in a conspicuous, bulging long coat, asking every man who entered the four-story medical
building: “Sir, do you know where we might find Dr. Joseph McDowell?”
At last we were directed to a steep, circular lecture hall. A miniature coliseum of everexpanding rows and railings, upon which curious gentlemen rested their hands, their faces il-

luminated by the hissing gaslights of the surgical table below, their eager eyes trained on the
wild-haired, pale figure cutting into the flesh of a male corpse. We took our places on the uppermost level and watched Dr. McDowell remove the heart and hold it up for all to see.
“Banish all poetic notions from your minds,” he said. “What I hold here knows nothing of
love or courage. It knows only rhythmic contraction.” McDowell squeezed the heart in his
hand several times. “A single, beautiful purpose… to keep fresh, rich blood flowing to every
corner of the flesh.”
A vampire teaching anatomy to men! Can you imagine it, Abe? (I must say, I rather liked
the fellow’s cheek.)
He cut further into the corpse as his demonstration continued, removing and discussing
organs until at last the dead man resembled a gutted fish. (Armstrong was rendered weakkneed for the whole—I, on the other hand, found it all quite fascinating.)
The lecture ended “to the polite tapping of canes against railings,” and McDowell’s students filed out. All but two. After hurriedly gathering his instruments and papers, the doctor
“made haste to a small door at the rear of his stage and disappeared.” Armstrong and Speed
followed.
FIG. 12.2 - IN AN UNDATED PHOTOGRAPH (CIRCA 1850), A GROUP OF SURGEONS
EXAMINE THE HEART AND LUNGS OF AN UNIDENTIFIED MAN. THE FACT THAT HE’S
WEARING RESTRAINTS SUGGESTS THAT HE’S STILL CONSCIOUS - AND THE FACT
THAT HE’S WEARING DARK GLASSES SUGGESTS THAT HE’S A VAMPIRE.
We wound down a narrow stone stairway in complete darkness, feeling our way along the
rough, wet walls until at last our hands met something smooth. I struck a match against my
heel, and a black door appeared before us—the words J. N. McDowell, M.D. Private in gold
paint. Out came my pistol and Armstrong’s crossbow. Out went the match. My heart presently
took to its “single, beautiful” purpose with great enthusiasm—for we knew that a vampire
waited on the other side of the dark.
Speed felt his way to the knob and pulled it quietly, quietly open…
Sunlight.
Here was a long, tall room with smooth walls. High above our heads, a row of small windows let in the soft light of late day, and framed the feet of passersby. To our right, a long table of caged rats, glass vessels, and silver instruments. Ahead, what appeared to be a body
on a stone slab, covered by a white sheet. And to our left, Abe… to our left… naked corpses
ran the length of the room, each on a narrow shelf, stacked one atop the other to a height of
seven or eight feet.
We were in a morgue.

I’d expected to find the doctor waiting for us. To be attacked at once. But there was no
trace of him. Armstrong and I moved slowly toward the slab, our weapons at the ready. Only
now did I see the dark glass tubes running over our heads, running from the bodies on our left
to the vessels on our right. Only now did I see the blood running into those vessels, kept
warm by a row of tiny gas flames beneath.
Only now did I see the chests of these “corpses” moving with each shallow breath.
And here the whole horror of it struck me, Abe. For now I realized that these were all living
men. Packed onto shelves as books in a library. Each given barely enough room for his chest
to rise. Each kept fed through holes in their stomachs… drained. Too weak to move, too nourished to die. Each imprisoned by the creature whose whistling we suddenly heard from an adjoining room. Whistling… washing his hands in a water basin. Preparing, no doubt, to butcher
the poor soul whose chest still rose and fell beneath that white sheet.
And at once our plan became clear.
McDowell returned wearing an apron and carrying his surgical instruments on a tray. He
set these down, whistling all the while, and peeled back the white sheet.
This isn’t the man I remember.
Armstrong sat bolt upright and fired his crossbow into the bastard’s heart—his heart, Abe!
I needn’t tell you that the arrow merely bounced off with a clang, for the big, dumb ox had forgotten about the breastplate!
It was a costly mistake, Abe, for McDowell now revealed his true self and struck with his
claws. Jack heard something clang against the stone floor. He looked down at where his
crossbow had been a moment before. Neither it nor his right hand remained. His face went
pale at the sight of blood running from his wrist—and his severed hand upon the floor.
Jack’s cries were loud enough to wake some of the barely living on the opposite shelves.
I had no choice but to remove from hiding and fire my pistol at the vampire’s head. But my
shaking hands could not be trusted. The bullet sailed past him and into his precious glass
vessels! Imagine the noise, Abe! Imagine the volume of blood that ran onto the stone floor!
One might have drowned! Such was the delicacy of his creation that all of the overhead tubes
now shattered in unison, the effect being a shower of blood from above.
“No!” screamed McDowell. “You’ve ruined it!”
I do not remember being struck. I only know that I was thrown into the shelves of bodies
with enough force to break the bones of my right leg. The pain was more severe than any I
had ever known—more severe even than the thrashing I’d received at Farmington. The whole
of my body felt suddenly cold. I remember McDowell (a pair of him, actually, for I had been
rendered rather senseless by the blow) coming toward me as I lay helpless, the entire floor
covered by an inch or more of blood. I remember the strange, amusing thought that a mortu-

ary was as good a place to die as any… the warmth pouring down on all of us… the taste of
it. And I remember McDowell suddenly grabbing at his face.
The tip of an arrow had broken through the flesh beneath his right eye! The rest protruded
from the back of his skull. Behind him, the big, dumb ox held a shaking crossbow in his remaining hand.
With an unnatural volume of blood rushing down his face (adding to the already grizzly
scene), the paranoid McDowell panicked and fled. *
God be praised, we were but steps from the finest hospital in St. Louis. Armstrong and I
helped each other up the stairs (I struggling along on my good leg, and carrying his severed
hand in one of mine), both of us soaked from head to toe in the blood of two dozen men.
The surgeons were able to save Jack’s life. His hand is gone forever, Abe. He was quite
close to death. Closer than he will likely admit. It was his strength that saw him through. His
strength, and the prayers you doubtless said for our safety. I shall stay on long enough to see
him well (though he refuses to speak to me). I am just now told that my leg shall heal, and
that I shall walk with only the slightest limp, if any. Grieve not for your dear Speed, friend—for
he counts himself the most fortunate fool alive.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter

II
On August 3rd, 1846, Abe was elected to the United States House of Representatives. In
December of 1847, well over a year after his election, Abe arrived in Washington with his family for the beginning of his term. They took a small room at Mrs. Sprigg’s boardinghouse *
—a room made all the more cramped by the addition of a fourth family member.
We are doubly blessed with another boy, Edward Baker, born this 10th of March [1846].
He is every bit the laughing rascal Bob is, though I suspect he has a sweeter disposition. My
love is not diminished slightly at his being the second. I am every bit the servant of Eddy’s
smile—nibbling at his toes to make him laugh… smelling his hair when he sleeps… holding
his sleeping chest to mine. What a simpleton these boys make of their father!
This time there was no fear of Edward falling ill or dying. No bargaining with God (at least
none that Abe saw fit to record in his journal). Perhaps he’d grown more confident as a parent. Perhaps he was simply too busy to obsess over it. Busy keeping tabs on his thriving law
practice back in Springfield. Busy adjusting to a new city and a new level of political intensity.
Busy with everything but hunting vampires.
[Henry’s] letters arrive monthly. He begs I reconsider. Insists that it is crucial I take up my
errands again. I answer each one with the same simple truths: that I will not risk leaving my
wife a widow, or my children fatherless. If I am truly meant to free men from tyranny, I tell him,
then I must do so in the spirit of that old adage concerning the pen and the sword. My sword
has done its part. My pen must take me the rest of the way.
Washington turned out to be a disappointment on nearly every level. Abe had come expecting a gleaming metropolis filled with men of the “finest minds, and dedicated to the service of their constituents.” What he found were “a few brilliant beacons in a fog of fools.” As
for his dreams of life in a big city, Washington, D.C., felt more like Louisville or Lexington—albeit with a handful of gleaming architectural wonders. “A few palaces on a prairie,” as
Abe liked to say. The cornerstone of the Washington Monument had yet to be laid. Neither it
nor the Capitol would be completed in his lifetime.
One of Washington’s greatest disappointments was its abundance of slaves. They worked
at Mrs. Sprigg’s boardinghouse where Abe stayed with his family. They were auctioned off on
the streets he took to work. They were kept caged on the future site of the National Mall,
where Abe’s giant likeness would one day keep watch for all eternity.
[There is] in view from the windows of the Capitol a sort of livery stable, where droves of
Negroes are collected, temporarily kept, and finally taken to Southern markets, precisely like
droves of horses. Men—chained together and sold! Here, in the shadow of an institution founded on the promise that “All men are created equal”! Founded with cries of “give me liberty, or
give me death!” It is more than any honorable man can bear.

In one of the few highlights of his congressional career, Abe introduced a bill to outlaw
slavery in the District of Columbia. He’d been careful to write it in such a way that “it seemed
neither severe to slave owners, nor feeble to abolitionists.” But there was only so much a firstterm Congressman could do, brilliant or not. The bill never came to a vote.
His legislative failures notwithstanding, Abraham Lincoln made quite an impression in the
halls of Congress—and not just because of his towering height. His contemporaries described
him as “awkward and gangly,” with pantaloons that “scarcely came to within six inches of his
ankles.” Though he was not yet forty, many Democrats (and a few of his fellow Whigs) took to
calling him “Old Abe” on account of his “rough, ragged appearance and tired eyes.”
I related this to Mary one night while she bathed our boys, and confessed that it annoyed
me. “Abe,” she said with nary an upward glance or moment’s hesitation, “one might find men
in Congress who possess twice your good looks, but not one who possesses half your good
sense.”
I am a fortunate man.
But unflattering nicknames were the least of his concerns, as he wrote only days after taking office:
A man cannot walk from one end of the chamber to the other without hearing talk of vampires! Never have I heard the subject so often discussed, and by so many! These long years I
have thought myself privy to some dark secret—a secret I have kept hidden from my wife and
kin. Yet here, in the halls of power, it is the secret everyone seems to know. Many in our delegation are rife with whispers about “those damned Southerners” and their “black-eyed”
friends. Jokes are told over meals. Even [Senator Henry] Clay *
participates! “Why does Jeff Davis wear his collar so high? To hide the bite marks on his
neck.” There must be some truth in their jests, however, for I have yet to hear of a Southern
congressman who isn’t beholden to vampire interests, sympathetic to their cause, or fearful of
their reprisal. As to my own experiences with [vampires], I shall remain silent. It is a part of my
life that I do not wish to visit again—whether in practice or conversation.
Abe was startled awake by shattering glass.
A pair of men had broken through the windows of our second-floor room. There was no
pistol under my pillow. No ax beside my bed. Before I had time enough to stand, one of them
struck my face with such force that the back of my skull splintered our headboard.
Vampires.
I struggled to regain my senses as one of the devils grabbed Mary, covering her mouth to
stifle the screams. The other took Bob from his small bed, and the creatures made off the way
they came—out the windows and onto the street below. I willed myself upright and gave
chase, leaping from the window without hesitation, tearing my flesh on shards of glass as I

did. On the dark, scarcely peopled streets of Washington now. I could hear Bob’s screams
ahead of me in the dark. I ran after them with a panic I had never known. A rage.
I’ll tear you to goddamned pieces when I catch you….
The tears in my eyes… the uncontrollable grunts… the torn muscles of my legs. Block
after block, turning onto this street, that street, as Bob’s voice changed direction. But his
screams grew ever fainter on the wind, and my legs ever weaker. I collapsed… weeping at
the thought of my son—my helpless little boy carried off into that darkness—that darkness
where not even his daddy could reach him.
Abe lifted his trembling head, astonished to find himself in front of Mrs. Sprigg’s boardinghouse.
And now… now a terrible thought came over me, and the panic returned.
Eddy…
I bounded up the stairs and into our room. Silence… empty beds… broken windows…
curtains fluttering—and Eddy’s crib against the far wall. I could not see its contents from here.
I could not bear to look. What if he was gone?
I beg you, Lord….
How could I have left him? How could I have abandoned my ax? No… no, I could not
look—I could only stand in the doorway, weeping—for I knew in my heart he was dead like
the others.
And then his cries rang out, thank God, and I hurried across the room, eager to feel his
warmth in my arms. But upon reaching his crib and looking down into it, I saw his white
sheets awash in blood. Not Eddy’s blood—no, for there was a demon lying there in his place.
Lying atop those soaked sheets with a stake through his heart and a hole in the back of his
skull. Lying motionless in the crib, the blood pouring from his familiar body… at once a child
and a man. His weary eyes open, yet empty. Staring into mine. I knew him.
It was me.
Abe woke—his heart pounding. He turned to his left and saw Mary sleeping peacefully beside him. Checked his sleeping boys and found them unharmed.
He scribbled four words in his journal that night before trying (unsuccessfully) to go back
to sleep.
This city is death.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter

III
Abe shared the warmth of Mrs. Sprigg’s fireplace with an old acquaintance on a February
night in 1849.
[Edgar Allan] Poe has been in Baltimore these few weeks, and with Mary and the boys departed for Lexington, I thought it time for a reunion.
They’d kept up a sporadic correspondence over the years: occasional praise for Poe’s
stories and poems; congratulations on Lincoln’s election victories. But tonight, face-to-face for
the first time in twenty years, they spoke only of vampires.
I told Poe of Henry; of my hunts and the terrible truths they have led me to. He told me of
his abiding obsession with vampires—that he has befriended an immortal named Reynolds,
and is close to uncovering a “sinister plot” of some sort. He speaks with great enthusiasm and
assuredness, yet it is difficult to believe most of what he says, for it is said through the mask
of drunkenness. He looks weary. Aged by whiskey and bad luck. The years since our last
meeting have not been kind. His dear wife has departed this earth, and success has not rewarded him with riches.
“Men kept on the edge of death!” said Lincoln. “Stored as living barrels in a cellar—their
precious blood kept warm by gas flames. Are there no limits to a vampire’s evil?”
Poe smiled and took another drink.
“You have heard of the Blood Countess, I presume?” he asked.
Abe’s face made it clear that he hadn’t.
“You?” asked Poe. “With all of your gallivanting around chasing vampires? Then I beg you
indulge me a moment, for she is a favorite of mine—and an important piece of our country’s
history.
“Elizabeth Báthory was the jewel of Hungarian nobility,” said Poe. “Beautiful; wealthy beyond compare. Her only burden was sharing a bed with a man she did not love—a man to
whom she had been promised since her twelfth year: Count Ferenc Nádasdy. He was a generous husband, however, and allowed Elizabeth to indulge her every whim. Unbeknownst to
him, her favorite indulgence was a dark-haired, fair-skinned woman named Anna Darvulia.
The two became lovers. It is unclear when—”
“Two women… lovers?”
“A trivial detail. It is unclear when Elizabeth learned that Anna was a vampire, or when she
became one herself, but the pair were nonetheless eager to begin eternity together. Upon the
count’s mysterious death in 1604, the lovers began to lure young peasant girls to Cachtice
Castle *
with promises of employment; with money for their starving families. In truth, these girls were
meant to be the playthings of lesser gods… to be robbed of their blood and their lives. In all,

Elizabeth and Anna would kill more than six hundred girls in three years’ time.”
“My God…”
“Ah, but it is worse, for the pair seemed to pride themselves on crafting the most gruesome, the most degrading, the most painful methods of murder. Girls were tortured. Ravaged.
Consumed for days at a time. Some were suspended above the floor by hooks through their
arms and legs. Elizabeth and Anna would lie beneath, using knives to make tiny cuts in the
girl’s skin, letting her blood drip slowly over their bodies as they made love below. Some girls
were partially crucified, their hands nailed to wooden—”
“I beg you be done with this, Poe. It is too much.”
“At last, the peasants would tolerate no more, and the castle was stormed. Inside, the mob
found a dungeon filled with iron cages. Half-dead victims with bites taken from their arms and
stomachs. Girls whose hands and faces had been held over flames until they were blackened
to the bone. But no trace of the vampires. A trial was staged, and a pair of innocent women
cast into a pit of fire to appease the peasantry. But the real Elizabeth Báthory and Anna Darvulia had escaped.
“The horrors, Lincoln… the horrors that these women were able to inflict in such a short
time… the efficiency and imagination with which they murdered… there is a beauty in it. One
cannot help but admire them.”
“It is vile,” said Lincoln.
“Surely life has taught you that a thing can be both beautiful and vile.”
“I was promised ‘an important piece of our country’s history.’ Pray, is there some lesson in
this unpleasantness, or do you merely take pleasure in tormenting an old friend?”
“The lesson, old friend, is this: Elizabeth Báthory is, in some measure, to blame for the
many vampires we enjoy here in America.”
Now Poe had Abe’s attention.
“Word of her atrocities spread through Europe,” he said. “Rumors of a vampire Blood
Countess and the hundreds of girls she slaughtered. In the space of ten years, centuries of
whispered superstitions turned to open hatred. Never had a story caused such fervor! Gone
forever were the days of accepting vampires as a cost of life, and gone was the fear of challenging them. Vampire hunters began to appear from England to Croatia, learning from one
another, chasing the undead across the continent. Chasing them into the stinking sewers and
diseased slums of Paris. Chasing them down the dark alleys of London. Vampires, reduced to
sleeping in crypts. Reduced to drinking the blood of stray dogs. Lions hunted by sheep! It had
become intolerable to be a vampire in Europe. They wanted freedom. Freedom from persecution. From fear. And where could such freedoms be found?”

“In America.”
“In America, Lincoln! America was a paradise where vampires could exist without fierce
competition over blood. A place where it was common for families to have five, or eight, or a
dozen children. They loved its lawlessness. Its vastness. They loved its remote villages and
its ports brimming with the newly arrived. But more than anything, Lincoln, they loved its
slaves. For here, unlike any other country fit for civilized men—here was a place they could
feed on the intoxicating blood of man without fear of reprisal!
“When the English came to our shores, charged with bringing us back under the control of
the Old World, America’s vampires took up the fight. They were there at Lexington and Concord. They were there at Ticonderoga and Moore’s Creek. Some returned to their native
France, where they persuaded King Louis to lend us his navy. They are as American as you
or I, Lincoln. True patriots—for America’s survival is their survival.”
“I have heard them discussed in the Capitol,” Abe whispered. “Even there, one sees their
influence.”
“It is everywhere, Lincoln! And it shall only deepen, as it did for so many centuries in
Europe. How long can it endure? How many vampires can cross our shores before the common man takes note of them? And what then? Do you think the good people of Boston or
New York would be content to live with vampires for their neighbors? Do you believe that all
vampires possess the same agreeable disposition as your Henry or my Reynolds?
“Imagine, Lincoln. Imagine what might have happened in Europe had there been no America for vampires to flee to. How long would the lions have allowed the sheep to hunt them?
How long before they began to behave like lions again?”
Abe didn’t like the picture forming in his mind.
“I tell you,” said Poe, “some great calamity awaits us.”
For Poe, at least, it proved an ominous prediction.
On October 3rd, 1849, less than eight months after his reunion with Abe, Poe was discovered wandering the streets of Baltimore, half dead, confused, and wearing clothes that
weren’t his own. He was hurried to the Washington College Hospital, where doctors tried to
diagnose his worsening illness.
Patient suffers from high fever and delusions. Calls out for a “Reynolds” when he is conscious. Symptoms similar to typhoid, though the rapid progression suggests some other underlying cause. His case is hopeless.
On Sunday, October 7th, at five o’clock in the morning, Poe woke with a start. He uttered
the words “Lord help my poor soul” and passed away.
FIG. 7-C - EDGAR ALLAN POE POSES WITH ABRAHAM LINCOLN IN MATHEW
BRADY’S WASHINGTON, D.C. STUDIO - FEBRUARY 4TH, 1849.

Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter

IV
March 5th, 1849, brought an end to Abe’s brief, unmemorable congressional career. He’d
chosen not to run for a second term.
Being elected to Congress… has not pleased me as much as I expected. I have neglected
my dear wife and rascals terribly these two years, and there is nothing in Washington to tempt
me from returning to Illinois.
He returned to Springfield and dove headfirst into his law practice, apprenticed by a thirtyyear-old lawyer named William H. Herndon (who would go on to write a comprehensive, controversial biography of Lincoln after his assassination). Abe took great care to keep the truth
of his dark past away from his young partner.
He wrote letters of recommendation for friends seeking appointments. He argued cases
across Illinois. He wrestled with his boys and took long walks with his wife.
He lived.
No more talk of men with fangs,
Or lives that never cease.
I only long for simple things,
I only long for peace.
He wouldn’t get it.
Eddy Lincoln was three years, ten months, and eighteen days old when he died.
From an entry dated February 1st, 1850, only hours after his son’s passing:
I lost my little boy… I miss him very much.
There is no joy in this life….
There’s no reason to suspect that Eddy’s death had anything to do with vampires. He’d
been sick since December (probably with tuberculosis) and wasted away gradually, his mother keeping a vigil by his bed, rubbing balm on his little chest to no avail.
Mary could not bear to let Eddy die in his bed alone. She held his unconscious body to her
own, cradling our little boy against her chest, rocking him through the night… until he was
gone.
Mary would never be the same. Though she would bury two more sons, nothing would
ever match the grief of losing her beloved “Angel Boy.” Three days after his death, she hadn’t
eaten, or slept, or stopped crying.
[Mary] is inconsolable. It is just as well, for I am of no mind to console. Sent word to Speed
and Armstrong requesting they come. Received a letter from Henry expressing his condolences, and his promise to arrive [in Springfield] no later than tomorrow midday. How he
learned of Eddy’s passing, I do not know.

Eddy was laid to rest in Hutchinson’s Cemetery, just a few blocks away from Abe and
Mary’s house.
I held on to Bob and Mary for the whole of the service, the three of us weeping. Armstrong
and Speed stood at our side, as did many friends and well-wishers. Henry watched from a
distance, not wanting to cause me any added grief by raising Mary’s suspicions. *
However, he saw to it that I received a note before the service. In it were his further condolences… and a reminder that there was another way.
A way to see my boy again.
Despite what must have been a maddening temptation to see his little boy again, Abe surrendered to reason.
He would be small forever. An angelic murderer. I could not bear the thought of keeping
him locked away in the dark. Of teaching him to kill so that he might live. I could not condemn
my son to hell.
Mary wrote a poem (possibly with Abe’s assistance), which was published in the Illinois
State Journal around the time of Eddy’s burial. The final line is engraved on his tombstone.
Those midnight stars are sadly dimmed,
That late so brilliantly shone,
And the crimson tinge from cheek and lip,
With the heart’s warm life has flown—
The angel of Death was hovering nigh,
And the lovely boy was called to die.
The silken waves of his glossy hair
Lie still over his marble brow,
And the pallid lip and pearly cheek
The presence of Death avow.
Pure little bud in kindness given,
In mercy taken to bloom in heaven.
Happier far is the angel child
With the harp and the crown of gold,
Who warbles now at the Savior’s feet
The glories to us untold.
Eddy, meet blossom of heavenly love,
Dwells in the spirit-world above.
Angel Boy—fare thee well, farewell
Sweet Eddy,

We bid thee adieu!
Affection’s wail cannot reach thee now
Deep though it be, and true.
Bright is the home to him now given…
Of such is the Kingdom of Heaven.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter
NINE
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter
At Last, Peace
We have been the recipients of the choicest bounties of Heaven. We have been preserved, these many years, in peace and prosperity. We have grown in numbers, wealth and
power, as no other nation has ever grown. But we have forgotten God. We have forgotten the
gracious hand which preserved us in peace, and multiplied and enriched and strengthened
us.
—Abraham Lincoln, proclaiming a National Fast Day
March 30th, 1863
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter
I
From the New York Tribune, Monday, July 6th, 1857:
VIOLENT CLASHES TERRORIZE CITY
Curious Sightings in Gang Brawl
by H. Greeley
The savage clashes which laid siege to much of Manhattan these two days and nights
have at last been quieted. By order of the Governor, militiamen entered the Five Points late
Sunday and engaged the remaining combatants with volley upon volley of musket fire. Untold
numbers of dead could this morning be seen lining Baxter, Mulberry and Elizabeth
Streets—victims of the worst rioting this or any city has seen in memory. The violence seems
to have begun when those notorious Five Points gangs, the Plug Uglies and Dead Rabbits,
sprung an attack against their shared enemy, the Bowery Boys. It is the opinion of the [police]
that the killings began on Bayard Street around Saturday midday, before spreading through
the Five Points with all the rapidity and ferocity of a fire.
The innocent were forced to barricade their doors as rival thugs stabbed, shot and
bludgeoned one another to death in the streets. Merchants saw their shops destroyed; their
wares brazenly stolen in the chaos. Eleven passersby—a woman and child among
them—were mauled for no cause but their straying too close to the fight.

CURIOUS SIGHTINGS IN GANG BRAWL
The Tribune was inundated with testimonies of “strange” and “impossible” feats
throughout Saturday evening and Sunday morning. Men were said to leap across rooftops “as
if carried by the air” in pursuit of one another; climb the sides of buildings “as effortlessly as a
cat climbs a tree.”
One witness, a merchant by the name of Jasper Rubes, claims to have seen a Dead Rabbit “lift a Bowery Boy above his head and throw him against the second story of [a Baxter
Street factory] hard enough to leave a hole in the bricks.” Incredibly, the victim “landed on his
feet,” said the witness, “and kept up the fight as if nothing had happened.”
“His eyes,” said Rubes, “were black as soot.”
Hunting vampires was the furthest thing from Abraham Lincoln’s mind in the early 1850s.
Ten months after burying their son, Abe and Mary welcomed another. They named him
William “Willy” Wallace Lincoln in honor of the physician who’d stayed at Eddy’s side until the
end. In 1853, they welcomed one more boy, Thomas “Tad” Lincoln, born April 4th. Along with
ten-year-old Robert, the three formed a “boisterous brood.”
“Bob howls in the next room as I write this,” Abe said in an 1853 letter to Speed. “Mary
has whopped him for running off and disappearing. I suspect that by the time I finish this letter
he will have run off and disappeared again.”
Abe made very few journal entries in the wake of Eddy’s death. Those six and a half little
leather-bound books had become a record of his life with vampires—a record of weapons and
vengeance; of death and loss. But those days were behind him now. That life was over. After
his entries had resumed in 1865, Abe looked back on that “last, peaceful, wonderful spell.”
They were good years, to be sure. Quiet years. I wanted nothing more of vampires or
politics. To think of all that I had missed whiling away the hours in Washington! How much of
Eddy’s brief, beautiful life had escaped my notice! No… never again. Simplicity! That was the
oath I swore now. Family! That was my errand. When I could not be with my boys at home, I
let them run about the office (much to Lamon’s *
consternation, I suspect). Mary and I took lingering walks, regardless of the season or weather. We spoke of our dear boys… of our friends and futures… of the speed with which the
whole of our lives had passed.
There were no letters from Henry. No visits or hints of his whereabouts. At times I
wondered if he had finally come to accept that I would hunt no more—or if he himself had
fallen prey to the ax. Whatever the reason behind his absence, I was glad for it. For while I
had come to regard him with tremendous affection, I loathed every memory the mere mention
of his name conjured up.

Abe’s long coat, riddled with the rips and scars of battle, was unceremoniously burned.
His pistols and knives were locked in a trunk and forgotten in the cellar. The blade of his ax
was allowed to rust. The specter of death, which had hung over the old vampire hunter since
his ninth year, seemed at last to be lifting.
It returned briefly in 1854, when Abe received word from a friend in Clary’s Grove that
Jack Armstrong was dead. From a letter to Joshua Speed:
The damned fool’s gotten himself killed by a horse, Speed.
Old Jack stood in an early winter [downpour], trying to drag the stubborn beast by its lead.
For nearly an hour they tugged against each other. Jack (ever the Clary’s Grove Boy) didn’t
think to fetch his coat or holler for help, despite his being one-handed and soaked to the
bone. By the time he got the animal out of the rain, Jack had caught his death. He burned a
fever for a week, slipped away, and died. It seems an ignoble end to such a sturdy man, does
it not? A man who survived so many brushes with death? Who saw the terrible things you and
I have seen?
In the same letter, Abe admitted to being “unnerved” by his “lack of anguish” over Armstrong’s passing. He grieved, sure. But this was a “different sort of grief,” unlike the crippling
depression that had followed his mother’s death, Ann’s, and Eddy’s.
I fear that a life of death has made me numb to both.
Four years later, Abe would defend Jack’s son, “Duff” Armstrong, when he stood trial for
murder. Abe refused payment. He worked tirelessly, litigated passionately, and (with a stroke
of legal brilliance) won Duff his freedom, *
a final thank-you to a brave friend.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter
II
The same year that saw Abe mourn the loss of an old friend saw him dragged back into
politics by an old rival.
Abe had known Senator Stephen A. Douglas since they were both young Illinois state legislators (and eager suitors of Mary Todd). Though a Democrat, Douglas had long been opposed to allowing slavery into territories where it didn’t already exist. But in 1854, he suddenly
reversed himself and championed the Kansas-Nebraska Act, a bill that repealed the federal
ban on the spread of slavery. President Franklin Pierce signed it into law on May 30th, enraging millions of Northerners and stirring up long-simmering tensions on both sides of the issue.
Try as I might, I could not ignore my anger. It seeped into my mind as water is drawn into
the roots of a tree, until at last it permeated the whole of my being. Sleep provided no refuge,
for I was nightly visited by a sea of black faces, each the nameless victim of a vampire. Each

of them crying out to me. “Justice!” they cried. “Justice, Mr. Lincoln!”
That [slavery] existed at all was insult enough. That I knew the institution to be doubly evil
made it all the worse. But this! The idea of slavery’s diseased fingers reaching farther north
and west! Reaching into my own Illinois! It would not stand. I had retreated from politics, but
when asked to debate [Douglas] on the issue, I could not refuse. Those ghostly faces would
not permit me to.
On October 16th, 1854, Lincoln and Douglas squared off in front of a large Peoria, Illinois,
crowd. A reporter with the Chicago Evening Journal described his amazement at witnessing
Abe speak.
His face [began] to light up with the rays of genius and his body to move in unison with his
thoughts. His speaking went to the heart because it came from the heart.
“I cannot but hate it!” said Mr. Lincoln of the proposal. “I hate it because of the monstrous
injustice of slavery itself!”
I have heard celebrated orators who could start thunders of applause without changing
any man’s opinion. Mr. Lincoln’s eloquence was of the higher type, which produced conviction
in others because of the conviction of the speaker himself.
“I hate it because it deprives our republican example of its just influence in the world!” he
continued. “Enables the enemies of free institutions, with plausibility, to taunt us as hypocrites!”
His listeners felt that he believed every word he said, and that, like Martin Luther, he
would go to the stake rather than abate one jot of it. In such transfigured moments as these
he was the type of the ancient Hebrew prophet as I learned that character at Sunday school
in my childhood.
Though it failed to sway Douglas or his allies in Congress, the speech would nonetheless
prove a turning point in Abe’s political life. His anger over the slavery issue (and by extension,
the vampire issue) had nudged him back into the political arena. His genius and eloquence
that night in Peoria would ensure that he never left it again. The speech was transcribed and
reprinted across the North. The name Abraham Lincoln began to take on national significance
among the opponents of slavery. In the years to come, one of its passages would prove eerily
prophetic.
“Is it not probable that the contest will come to blows, and bloodshed? Could there be a
more apt invention to bring about collision and violence, on the slavery question, than this?”
Senator Charles Sumner lay unconscious on the Senate floor, facedown in a pool of his
own blood.
The abolitionist had been attacked by a thirty-seven-year-old congressman named Preston Smith Brooks, a proslavery South Carolinian who’d taken offense at the Massachusetts

senator’s mocking of his uncle in an antislavery speech two days earlier. On May 22nd, 1856,
Brooks entered the Senate chamber accompanied by a fellow South Carolina congressman
named Laurence Keitt and approached Sumner at his writing desk. “Mr. Sumner,” said
Brooks, “I have read your speech twice over carefully. It is a libel on South Carolina, and Mr.
Butler, who is a relative of mine.” Before Sumner had a chance to reply, Brooks began to beat
his head with his gold-tipped cane, opening new gashes with each blow. Blinded by his own
blood, Sumner staggered to his feet before collapsing. His victim now unconscious and bleeding, Brooks continued to strike until his cane broke in two. As horrified senators rushed to
Sumner’s aid, they were held back by Keitt, who brandished a pistol and yelled, “Let them
be!”
The blows fractured Sumner’s skull and vertebrae. He would live but wouldn’t be able to
return to his Senate duties for three years. When South Carolinians heard of the attack, they
sent Brooks new canes by the dozen. *
I am more assured than ever of my being wise to leave Washington, and more certain
than ever that it is a repository of idiots—just as I am certain that we are now on a course for
the “great calamity” Poe warned of those long years ago. One can see the masts of an angry
fleet on the horizon, and every week seems to bring them a mile closer. If, as many think, it is
the winds of war that fill their sails, then it is a war I am content to let others fight. My boys are
healthy. My wife is in good spirits. And we are a long, long way from Washington. I am happy
to make a speech or two; happy to lend my pen where it is needed. But I am happy. And happiness, I have decided, is a noble ambition. I have lost too much already, and have been a
slave to vampires these thirty years. Let me now be free. Let me now seek the enjoyment of
whatever time God may grant me. And if this peace be merely prelude to some peril or other,
so be it. I shall enjoy the peace.
There was no shortage of passion or violence on either side of the slavery issue. Infuriated by the attack on Charles Sumner, a radical abolitionist named John Brown led an attack
on a settlement at Pottawatomie Creek, in the Kansas Territory. On the night of May 24th,
1856 (just two days after Sumner was beaten), Brown and his men brutally murdered five
proslavery settlers, dragging each man from his home, running him through with a sword, and
firing a bullet into his skull for good measure. It was the first in a series of reprisals that would
be dubbed Bleeding Kansas. The violence would continue for three years and claim over fifty
lives.
On March 6th, 1857, the Supreme Court pushed the country closer to the brink.
Dred Scott was a sixty-year-old slave who’d been trying to win his freedom in the courts
for more than a decade. Between 1832 and 1842, he’d traveled with his master (U.S. Army

Major John Emerson) through the free territories of the North, acting as a personal valet. During these travels, Scott married and had a child (all on free soil), and upon the major’s death
in 1843, tried to buy his freedom. But the major’s widow refused, continuing to hire him out
and pocketing the wages for herself. Advised by abolitionist friends, Scott sued for his freedom in 1846, on the grounds that he’d ceased to be property the moment he’d set foot in free
territory. The case worked its way through the courts, attracting national attention before finally reaching Washington in 1857.
In a 7–2 decision, the Supreme Court ruled against Scott, arguing that the Founding Fathers had considered Negroes “beings of an inferior order, and altogether unfit to associate with
the white race” when they drafted the Constitution. Consequently, Negroes couldn’t be citizens of the United States, and couldn’t bring suit in federal court to begin with. They had no
more right to due process than the plows they drove.
It was a devastating outcome for Scott, but it had implications far beyond his personal
freedom. In issuing its ruling, the Court declared that:
Congress had exceeded its authority when it banned slavery from spreading to certain territories—and that these territories had no power to ban slavery on their own. Slaves and their
descendants (whether free or not) were not protected by the Constitution, and could never be
United States citizens. Escaped slaves who reached free soil were still the legal property of
their masters.
In the wake of the Dred Scott ruling, the Albany Evening Journal accused the Supreme
Court, Senate, and newly inaugurated President James Buchanan of being part of a
“conspiracy” to spread slavery, while the New York Tribune ran an editorial that captured the
fury of many Northerners:
Now, wherever the stars and stripes wave, they protect slavery and represent slavery….
This, then, is the final fruit. In this, all the labors of our statesmen, the blood of our heroes, the
life-long cares and toils of our forefathers, the aspirations of our scholars, the prayers of good
men, have finally ended! America the slave breeder and slaveholder!
Southern Democrats were more emboldened than ever, some boasting that the ruling
would lead to “slave auctions on Boston Common.” Republicans and abolitionists had never
been more electrified in their opposition. America was beginning to tear itself apart.
But few Americans knew just how much danger they were really in.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter
III
On June 3rd, 1857, Abe received a letter addressed in a familiar scrawl. It contained no inquiries after his health or happiness; no regards to his family.

Abraham,
I beg you forgive my failure to write these five years. You must also forgive my abruptness, for matters here require my urgent attention.
I must ask another sacrifice of you, Abraham. I realize how presumptuous a request it
must seem given all that you have suffered, and what little enticement I can offer against the
contentment of home and family. Trust that I would not burden you unless the situation was
dire, or if there were any other man capable of what I ask.
I have enclosed everything necessary to your swift passage to New York. If you are willing, then I beg you come no later than 1st August. Further instructions will be delivered upon
your arrival. However, if your answer is no, I shall not bother you again. I ask only that you
write at once with your refusal, so that we may consider a new strategy. Otherwise I look forward to our reunion, old friend—and to giving you the explanation you have long deserved.
It is time, Abraham.
Ever,
—H
Enclosed were various train and steamboat schedules, $500, and the name of a boardinghouse in New York City where a room had been rented under the name A. Rutledge.
Oh, how [the letter] annoyed me! Henry was clever indeed—for though he claimed to have
little enticement to offer, every word was designed to entice: the self-censure; the flattery; the
promise of an explanation—even the name left at the boardinghouse! That he would have me
abandon my affairs, my family, and cross a thousand miles without so much as an intimation
of the purpose!
And yet I could not refuse.
And this was more annoying than the letter itself, for Henry was right. It was time. Time for
what, I knew not. Only that the whole of my life… the suffering, the errands, the death… that it
had all been leading to something more. I had felt this, even as a child—the sense that I had
been placed on a long, straight stretch of river from which there could be no deviation. Carried
ever faster by the current… surrounded by wilderness on both sides… destined to collide with
some unseen object far, far downstream. I had never spoken of this feeling, of course, for fear
of being thought vain (or worse, being proven wrong—for if every young man who was assured of his future greatness was proven correct, the world would be brimming with Napoleons). Now, however, the object was beginning to take shape, though I could not yet make
out its features. If a thousand miles was the price of seeing it clearly at last, then so be it. I
had traveled farther for less.
Abe arrived in New York City on July 29th. Not wanting to raise suspicion (or leave his
family unattended), he’d decided to take Mary and the boys along for a “spontaneous” trip to

experience the wonders of New York City.
They couldn’t have picked a worse time to visit.
The city was in the midst of a violent summer. Two rival police forces had been locked in a
bloody battle for legitimacy since May, leaving crime largely unchecked—a field day for muggers and murderers alike. The Lincolns reached New York just three weeks after the worst
gang rioting in the city’s history, rioting in which witnesses described seeing men perform
“impossible feats.” Abe had seen New York only once before, briefly passing through on his
way north. Now he was able to appreciate the largest, most energetic of all American cities for
the first time.
The drawings do it no justice—it is a city without end or equal! Each street gives way to
another more grand and bustling than the last. Buildings of such size! Never have I seen so
many carriages crowded together. The air rings with the clopping of horseshoes against
cobblestones and the murmur of a hundred conversations. There are so many ladies carrying
so many black parasols, that if a man were to look down from a rooftop, he would scarcely
see the sidewalk. One imagines Rome at its height. London and its grandeur. *
Mary insists we stay a month at least! For how else can we ever hope to appreciate such a
place?
On the night of Sunday, August 2nd, Abe rose from bed, dressed in the dark, and tiptoed
out of the room where his family slept. At precisely eleven-thirty, he crossed Washington
Square and walked north, just as the note slipped under his door that morning had instructed.
He was to meet Henry two miles up Fifth Avenue, in front of the orphanage at the corner of
Forty-fourth Street.
With each passing block the streets grew emptier. Darker. Here, the grand buildings and
murmuring sidewalks melted into rows of two-story homes, nary a candle alight in any window. Nary a gentleman about. Passing though Madison Square Park, I marveled at the unfinished skeleton of some immense, unknown structure. **
Marveled at the absolute quiet. The barren streets. I began to imagine myself the only soul in
New York, until the sound of heels against cobblestones caught my ear.
Abe glanced over his shoulder. The silhouettes of three men followed close behind.
How had they escaped my notice until now? In light of the city’s recent troubles, I thought
it best to double back and head south to Washington Square, back to the safety of gaslight
and crowded streets. Henry could wait. Oh, what a damned fool I was! I had ventured out unarmed, knowing too well that many a gentleman had been robbed (or worse) on these streets
of late—and that the police could hardly be counted on to intervene. Silently cursing myself, I
turned left down Thirty-fourth Street. My heart sank as I heard their footsteps follow me
around the bend—for now there could be no question of their intent. My pace quickened.

Theirs quickened. “If only I could reach Broadway,” I thought.
He wouldn’t. His pursuers broke into a sprint. Abe did the same, making another left and
running between two lots in hopes of eluding them.
My speed could still be trusted—but as fast as I was, [they] were faster. All hope of escape lost, I turned and met them with my fists.
Abe was nearly fifty years old. He hadn’t wielded a weapon or been in a fight for fifteen
years. Even so, he managed to land a few blows on each of his assailants before one of them
landed his own, knocking him out cold.
I woke in absolute darkness, the faint rumble of a coach’s wheels beneath me.
“Put him out again,” said the unfamiliar voice.
A sharp, oh so brief pain on the top of my head… the universe before me in all of its color
and majesty… and then… nothing.
“I am deeply sorry,” said the familiar voice, “but we can trust no living man with our whereabouts.”
It was Henry.
My hood was presently removed, and I found myself in the center of a grand, two-tiered
ballroom, its intricate ceiling thirty feet above my aching head; its long, dark red curtains
drawn; the whole lit dimly by chandeliers. Gold upon gold. Marble upon marble. The finest
carvings and furnishings, and a floor of wood so dark and polished it might have been black
glass. It was the most splendid room I had ever seen or, for that matter, ever thought possible.
Three men of varying age and build stood behind Henry, each leaning against the hearth
of a kingly marble fireplace. Each with contempt in his eyes. These, I assumed, were my assailants. A pair of long sofas faced each other in front of the fireplace, with a low table in
between. Upon this, a silver tea service reflected the light of the fire, casting strange, intoxicating patterns on the walls and ceiling. A diminutive, graying gentleman sat on the left sofa,
teacup in hand. I had seen him before… I was sure of it… but in my confused state I could not
place him.
My senses returning, I noticed perhaps twenty more gentlemen scattered about the room,
some standing behind me, some seated in high-backed chairs against the walls. Another
twenty loomed above, looking down from the shadowy mezzanines on each side of the room.
It was clear [they] meant to keep their faces hidden.
“Please,” said Henry. He motioned for Abe to sit across from the diminutive gentleman.
I hesitated to come any closer until Henry (sensing the reason behind my reluctance) motioned to my assailants, and they removed from the fireplace. “I give you my word,” he said as
they went, “no further harm shall befall you tonight.” Believing him sincere, I took a seat

across from the gentleman whom I could not yet place, clutching the back of my head with my
left hand and steadying myself with the other.
“Vampires,” said Henry—tilting his head toward the three men who now took their seats
along the wall.
“Yes,” said Abe. “I’d worked that out on my own, thank you.”
Henry smiled. “Vampires,” he said, motioning around the ballroom. “The cursed, bloodsucking lot of us. The exceptions being yourself… and Mr. Seward here.”
Seward…
Senator William Seward was the former governor of New York, one of the leading antislavery voices in Congress, and the man widely expected to be the Republican presidential
nominee in 1860. He and Abe had met nine years earlier while campaigning for General
Zachary “Old Rough and Ready” Taylor in New England.
“A pleasure to see you again, Mr. Lincoln,” he said, extending his hand.
Abe shook it. “Likewise, Mr. Seward, likewise.”
“You are doubtless aware of Mr. Seward’s reputation?” asked Henry.
“I am.”
“Then you must know that he is a favorite to be nominated this time around.”
“Of course.”
“Of course,” said Henry. “But tell me… did you know that Seward here has hunted and
destroyed nearly as many vampires as you have?”
Abe had to bite his lip to keep his jaw from dropping. Bookish, privileged little Seward—a
vampire hunter? Impossible.
“Revelations,” said Henry. “Revelations are what bring us together tonight.” Henry paced
in front of the hearth.
“I have brought you here,” he said, “because my colleagues wished to see for themselves
the purpose that I have seen in you. To see this Abraham Lincoln I have spoken of these
many years. I have brought you here because they wanted proof that you were capable of
what we ask; to judge you directly before going any further.”
And how shall I be judged? By the expediency with which I behead them?
A man’s voice rang out of the darkness: “I am sure we can find a more agreeable method
than that, Mr. Lincoln.”
A few scattered laughs echoed through the room. Henry silenced them with a wave of his
hand.
“It is already done,” he said. “From the moment you were carried into this room, they saw
your past and your pain; peered into your soul—just as I have. Had you been deemed unworthy, you would not have been permitted to wake among us.”

“ ‘Us…’ ” said Abe. “I have long believed that vampires form no alliances.”
“Desperate times. Our enemies have allied themselves—so must we. They have recruited
living men to their cause—so have we.”
Henry stopped pacing.
“There is a war coming, Abraham,” he said. “It is not a war of man, but it is man who shall
spill his blood fighting it—for it concerns his very right to be free.
“A war… ,” he continued. “And you of all men must win it.”
There was nothing else now—no vampires in the mezzanines, no Seward or silver tea
service… there was only Henry.
“There are those of my kind,” he said, “who choose to remain in the shadows. Who cling
to that last piece of themselves that is human. We are content to feed and be forgotten. To go
about our cursed existence in relative peace, killing only when our hunger becomes unbearable. But there are others of my kind… those who see themselves as lions among sheep. As
kings—superior to man in every way. Why, then, should they be confined to darkness? Why
should they fear man?
“It is a conflict that began long before there was an America. A conflict between two
groups of vampires: those who seek to coexist with man, and those who would see all of
mankind in chains—bred, raised, and corralled as cattle.”
Judge us not equally, Abraham…
“These fifty years,” said Henry, “we have done everything in our power to prevent this war.
Each of the errands I have sent you on—each has been with the aim of destroying those who
would see it hastened, and your efforts—those of Seward and others—have indeed slowed its
progress. But we can no longer hope to prevent it. Indeed, not four weeks ago we saw the
first battle fought here on the streets of New York.”
Strange sightings… impossible feats…
“Our enemies are shrewd,” said Henry. “They have made their cause the cause of the
South. Allied themselves with living men who defend slavery as fervently as they. But these
men have been deceived into quickening their own doom, for Negroes are only the first of the
living to be enslaved. If we lose, Abraham, then it is only a matter of time before every living
man, woman, and child in America is a slave.”
Abe felt as if he might be sick.
“That, old friend, is why we must not lose. That is why we have allied ourselves. We are
vampires who believe in the rights of man,” said Henry. “We are the Union… and we have
plans for you, old friend.”
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter

PART III
PRESIDENT
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter
TEN
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter
A House Divided
“A house divided against itself cannot stand.” I believe this government cannot endure,
permanently half slave and half free. I do not expect the Union to be dissolved—I do not expect the house to fall—but I do expect it will cease to be divided. It will become all one thing
or all the other.
—Abraham Lincoln, accepting the Republican
Party’s nomination for senator
June 16th, 1858
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter
I
In the predawn hours of February 23rd, 1861, a tall, cloaked figure was rushed onto the
platform of the Baltimore & Ohio Railroad Depot before his train had even come to a stop, ten
hours before anyone expected him to arrive. His feet seldom touched the ground as a mass
of armed men hurried him into a waiting coach, which sped off as soon as its reinforced door
had clicked shut. Inside, two bodyguards joined him behind the black curtains, their revolvers
at the ready as if they expected the night to be shattered by gunfire at any moment. Outside,
a third man sat next to the driver, his black eyes peering into the dark streets of Washington,
D.C., looking for any sign of danger ahead. There were more of his kind waiting at the hotel,
making sure no one entered without their knowledge and blessing; making sure their precious
cargo was delivered safely to his bed. There was even a man stationed on the roof of the
building across the way, looking for anyone who might try to crawl down the facade and enter
through a window.
Henry Sturges had insisted on this unprecedented level of security—and his insistence
had proven wise….
For President Elect Abraham Lincoln had just survived his first assassination attempt.
In late 1857, not long after his return from that fateful meeting in New York, Abe announced that he would run against Stephen Douglas for the Senate. Unbeknownst to his supporters, this announcement had been preceded by the arrival of a letter:
Abraham,
As you guessed in your letter of September 13th, we must ask you to oppose Mr.
Douglas. The Senator, as you no doubt suspect, is one of the many living men who have

fallen prey to our enemy’s influence. Do not concern yourself with the outcome of this election—rather, use your particular passion and oratory skill to combat slavery at every turn. We
will see to it that the results are favorable to our cause. Trust in yourself, Abraham. Never forget that this is your purpose.
Ever,
—H
P.S. Matthew 12:25 *
Abe accepted the Republican Party’s nomination for Senate on June 16th, 1858, with
what would be known as his “House Divided” speech. In it, he accused Senator Douglas of
being part of the “machinery” designed to spread slavery to all of America. Without any mention of vampires, Abe alluded to the “strange, discordant, and even hostile elements” that had
come together to fight a “proud and pampered enemy” to the south.
Between August 21st and October 15th, he and Douglas held a series of seven debates
throughout Illinois, some attended by as many as 10,000 onlookers. They became an instant
sensation, thrusting both men onto the national stage as transcripts of their battle appeared in
newspapers throughout the country. For his part, Douglas tried to paint Abe as a radical abolitionist. He excelled at whipping the crowd into a frenzy with images of freed slaves flocking to
Illinois; of black settlements springing up in white backyards; of black men marrying white women.
If you desire [blacks] to vote on an equality with yourselves, and to make them eligible to
office, to serve on juries, and to adjudge your rights, then support Mr. Lincoln and the Black
Republican party, who are in favor of the citizenship of the Negro!
Abe struck back at Douglas’s doom and gloom with a simple moral truth—one that he
owed (whether he would admit it or not) to his father’s Baptist upbringing.
I agree with Judge Douglas—[the black man] is not my equal in many respects—certainly
not in color, perhaps not in moral or intellectual endowment. But in the right to eat the bread,
without the leave of anybody else, which his own hand earns, he is my equal and the equal of
Judge Douglas, and the equal of every living man.
FIG. 29 - A MAN AND WOMAN (LIKELY VAMPIRES) POSE OUTSIDE A SLAVE AUCTION COMPANY IN ATLANTA, GEORGIA SHORTLY BEFORE THE CIVIL WAR.
Still, Abe was frustrated by his inability to get at the real issue—the fact that Douglas was
the servant of creatures who would see all of mankind in chains. *
Following a debate in Charleston, Illinois, Abe vented this frustration in his journal.
More signs in the crowd today. “Negro Equality Is Immoral!” “America for Whites!” I look
out at these crowds… at these fools. These fools who haven’t the slightest idea how to live

the morals they espouse. These fools who proclaim themselves men of God, yet show not the
slightest reverence to His word. Christians preaching slavery! Slaveholders preaching morality! Is it any different from a drunkard preaching temperance? A whore preaching modesty? I
look at these fools campaigning for their own doom, and I am tempted to tell them the whole
truth of what they face. Imagine their reaction! Imagine their panic! Oh, if I could but say the
word once! “Vampire!” Oh, if only I could point at that portly runt *
and shame him before all of creation! Expose him for the traitor that he is! The traitor to his
own kind! If only I could see men like Douglas and Buchanan in chains—victims of the very
institution they champion!
His frustration (or his desire to throw Douglas off guard), led Abe to insert several thinly
veiled references to the vampire threat during the final debate on October 15th.
That is the issue that will continue in this country when these poor tongues of Judge
Douglas and myself shall be silent. It is the eternal struggle between these two principles—right and wrong—throughout the world. They are the two principles that have stood
face-to-face from the beginning of time; and will ever continue to struggle. The one is the
common right of humanity and the other the divine right of kings.
Abe had electrified antislavery forces across Illinois and the North. Unfortunately senators
were still elected by their state legislatures in 1858. The Democratic majority (or more accurately, its vampire backers) in Springfield sent Stephen Douglas back to Washington for another six years. “Another six years,” as Abe wrote in his journal, “of doing the bidding of Southern
vampires.” For the first time in years, he found himself struggling with a bout of depression.
I have failed the oppressed… the helpless faces crying out for justice. I have failed to
meet the expectations of freedom-loving people everywhere. Is this the “purpose” which
Henry so often speaks of? To fail?
His melancholy wouldn’t last long. Three days after his defeat, Abe received a letter from
Henry consisting of three short sentences.
We are pleased to hear of your loss. Our plans continue unabated. Await further instructions.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter
II
The theater had become one of Abe’s favorite escapes over the years. Perhaps it was his
love of storytelling that drew him in; the theatrical flourishes he added to his carefully scripted
performances that allowed him to relate. Perhaps the nervous thrill he felt when speaking before thousands gave him an appreciation for the performers. Abe enjoyed musicals and operas, but he was particularly fond of plays (whether they were comedies or tragedies didn’t
seem to matter). More than anything, he enjoyed seeing his beloved Shakespeare brought to

life.
And so it was with particular delight that Mary and I took in a performance of Julius Caesar
on a blustery February evening—the recent troubles of the election behind us at last. Our
dear friend Mayor [William] Jayne had been kind enough to lend us his box and its four seats.
The Lincolns were joined that evening by Abe’s law partner Ward Hill Lamon and his
thirty-four-year-old wife, Angelina. The production was, in Abe’s words, “a splendid spectacle
of ancient dress and painted scenery”—with the exception of a misspoken line in the first act.
I nearly broke out laughing when the wretched soothsayer warned Caesar: “Beware the
Ides of April.” *
I thought it a miracle (and a relief) that no one in the audience had snickered or yelled out a
correction. How could such an error be made by an actor? Had my ears deceived me?
In Act III, Scene 2, Marc Antony stood over Caesar’s slain, betrayed body and began the
play’s most iconic speech:
Friends, Romans, countrymen, lend me your ears;
I come to bury Caesar, not to praise him;
The evil that men do lives after them,
The good is oft interred with their bones…
Abe’s eyes welled up at the young actor’s impassioned delivery.
I had read those words countless times; marveled at the genius of their construction. Only
now, though, in the hands of this gifted young man did they ring true. Only now did I comprehend the whole of their meaning. “You all did love him once, not without cause,” he said.
“What cause withholds you then, to mourn for him now?” Upon this, however, his speech
came to a stop. He leapt from the stage and into the audience.
What strange interpretation was this? We watched him, bemused yet fascinated, as he
bounded toward our side of the theater and disappeared through the door which led to our
box. Apprehension suddenly filled the whole of my body, for I was sure that he meant to make
a spectacle of my being in attendance. I had reason to worry, for this had happened several
times in the past. Such exhibitions were one of the perils of being a public figure, and [they]
always produced in me no small measure of embarrassment.
Just as Abe feared, the young actor entered the box with a flourish, drawing light laughter
and applause from the audience. Every eye in the theater was trained on him as he stood behind the Lincolns and their guests. Abe smiled nervously, sure of what was coming next. But
(to his surprise and relief) the actor simply continued his speech:
“Oh judgment!” he cried. “Thou art fled to brutish beasts and men have lost their reason!”
Upon this, he produced a revolver from his costume, leveled it at the back of [Angelina’s]
head, and fired. The noise quite frightened me, and I laughed, momentarily certain that this

was all part of the play. But when I saw her dress covered with pieces of brain; when I saw
her slump forward in her chair—the blood running not only from her wounds, but from her
ears and nostrils as water from a well—I knew.
Mary’s screams set off a panic below, the audience trampling each other to reach the rear
of the hall. I drew the knife from my coat (I had taken to carrying one since my meeting with
the Union) and rose to meet the bastard as Lamon attended to his wife, lifting her head and
calling to her in vain as her blood poured over his hands. I reached the actor just as he
leveled his pistol at Mary. I brought my blade down on him, sinking the whole of it into the
muscle where his neck and shoulder met, causing him to drop the gun before he fired. I pulled
my blade out and made to bury it again. Before I could, the world turned on its side.
The young actor kicked Abe’s legs out from under him, sending him to the floor and sending the knife flying from his hands. Abe looked down the length of his body—toward the
strange, pulsing pain coming from his left leg. It had been twisted at the knee so that it bent
neither forward nor backward, but grotesquely to the side.
At once I felt terribly sick. Seeing me in this state, Lamon left his wife and joined the fight.
He turned to meet the devil with his own revolver, but before he could level it, the actor drove
a fist into his mouth with such force as to push his teeth inward and loose his jaw from its
hinge.
A goddamned vampire…
Mary could bear the scene no longer and fainted dead away, falling to the ground near her
chair. Lamon stumbled backward and steadied himself against the railing—clutching at his
jaw, instinctively trying to force it back into place. The vampire retrieved his weapon, leveled it
at Lamon’s head, and fired, sending pieces of skull flying over the railing and onto the empty
seats below. He was gone. The vampire next turned the gun on Mary, and despite my
screams of protest, shot her through the chest as she slept. She would never wake.
He came for me next, standing over me as I lay helpless. He aimed the barrel of his revolver at my head. Our eyes met.
They were Henry’s eyes.
“Sic semper tyrann—”
The last word was cut off by the sound of the shot.
Abe awoke with a start.
He sat straight up in his bed and shielded his face with his hands, just as he had all those
years ago, on the night he saw his father dealing with the devil. The night Jack Barts had condemned his mother to death.
Mary slept peacefully by his side. His boys were safely in their beds. A thorough check of
the house turned up no evidence of trespassers—living or otherwise. Still, Abe would sleep

no more that February night. There’d been something so familiar about the dream. So real.
He could see every detail of the theater in his mind; every detail of the costumes and scenery.
He could feel the nauseating pain of his leg, and hear Angelina’s blood running onto the floor.
But try as he might, Abe couldn’t remember those three damned words that his murderer
uttered just before he woke. *
Shortly after Abe’s dream, William Seward, still the heavy favorite to be the Republican
presidential nominee in 1860, made a strange tactical decision:
Seward has abruptly left for a tour of Europe, and shall be gone these next six months at
least. What can it mean on the eve of so crucial an election? How can such an absence be to
his advantage? There are many who have criticized [the trip] as proof of his arrogance; his
aloofness. I, however, am reluctant to levy such condemnation—for I suspect that he has
been sent at the Union’s behest.
Abe’s suspicion was confirmed by Henry’s next letter.
Abraham,
Our friend S has been sent on an errand—one which we hope will shore up support for
our cause in the coming months and years. We now ask that you turn your whole heart toward that greatest of political contests.
—H
In Seward’s absence, Abe’s political allies worked to shore up support for a presidential
run, while Abe worked on raising his national awareness. On the evening of February 27th,
1860, at New York’s Cooper Institute, he delivered what some historians consider to be the
greatest political speech of all time to an audience of more than a thousand.
“Neither let us be slandered from our duty by false accusations against us,” Abe shouted,
“nor frightened from it by menaces of destruction to the Government nor of dungeons to
ourselves. Let us have faith that right makes might, and in that faith, let us, to the end, dare to
do our duty as we understand it.”
The full text ran in every major New York newspaper the next day, and within a couple of
weeks, pamphlets containing “Lincoln’s Cooper Speech” were available throughout the North.
Abe was emerging as the intellectual leader of the Republican Party, and its most gifted
speaker.
The Democratic Party, meanwhile, had been split in two.
Northern Democrats nominated Abe’s old rival Stephen Douglas for president, while
Southerners picked the incumbent vice president, John C. Breckenridge. The fracture was no
accident. Rather, it was the result of a decades-long effort by the Union. Since the early nineteenth century, Henry and his allies had worked to undermine their enemies at every turn: fer-

rying slaves to the North on the Underground Railroad, dispatching spies across the South,
and more recently, discouraging secessionist talk in state legislatures. But their greatest
achievement came on May 18th, 1860, on the third ballot of the Republican National Convention in Chicago.
Abe was in Springfield when he learned that he, not Seward, had been nominated for
president.
I can scarcely comprehend that such an honor has been bestowed upon me, and yet (and
there is no hope of putting this modestly, so I shall not attempt to) it comes as no surprise.
There is a war coming. It shall not be a war of man—but it is man who shall spill his blood
fighting it—for it concerns his very right to be free. And I, of all men, must win it.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter
III
In 1860, presidential candidates weren’t expected to campaign on their own behalf. The
speechmaking and handshaking were traditionally left to political allies and subordinates,
while the candidates themselves remained behind the scenes, quietly writing letters and
greeting well-wishers. Abe saw no reason to break with tradition. While his supporters
(including Seward who, despite losing the nomination, threw his full weight behind Abe) tirelessly traveled the country on his behalf, candidate Lincoln remained with his family in Springfield. From an entry dated April 16th:
I walk to and from my office each morning, greeting friends as I pass; thanking strangers
for their good wishes. When my business is concluded, I gambol about with my two youngest
at home before seeing them off to bed, and when the weather is suitable, I join Mary for a
[walk]. Life is much as it ever was, with three exceptions—those being the three vampires
who have come to keep watch over us.
FIG. 13.2. - ABE POSES IN FRONT OF HIS FAMILY’S ABANDONED CABIN AT LITTLE
PIGEON CREEK IN 1860 -- LEANING ON HIS TRUSTY OLD AXE. THE IMAGE WAS
MEANT TO BOLSTER HIS REPUTATION AS A CANDIDATE WITH HUMBLE ROOTS, AND
WAS CONCEIVED BY HENDRY STURGES HIMSELF.
Abe’s swift-footed assailants had been reassigned by Henry and the Union. They were
now his personal bodyguards, sworn to protect him at all costs.
I suspect they are somewhat embittered for being thus assigned (though it is impossible to
know, for they rarely speak). I have several times referred to them as my “unholy trinity” in
jest, but this has yet to produce in them a single smile. They are a deadly serious lot. Which, I
suppose, makes them well suited to the task of keeping me alive.
Mary and the children were told that the men were “campaign volunteers” who’d come to
ward off “overeager supporters.” It was a plausible explanation. Abe had become quite fam-

ous, and the Lincolns’ home was beset by well-wishers and favor seekers at all hours. But
vampire bodyguards were only one of the secrets “Honest Old Abe” kept from his wife and
adoring public that summer.
He’d also scraped the rust off his ax.
And for the first time, his target was a living man.
Abraham,
I must ask one more errand of you. He is one of your kind—but is looked after by two of
mine at all times. Take every caution.
Abe nearly gasped when he saw the name below…
Jefferson Davis.
There was hardly a more accomplished Southern politician in America. Davis had graduated from West Point, fought valiantly in the Mexican-American War, served as governor of
Mississippi, served in Franklin Pierce’s cabinet, and been twice elected to the Senate. He was
an outspoken proslavery advocate, and, as a former Secretary of War, the man best suited to
lead the South against the better-armed, more populous North.
This time, Abe refused to go.
Henry,
I am an old man with three sons and a wife who has wept over too many graves already. I
will cause her no further grief by getting myself killed. Surely there are a hundred, or a thousand among your kind better suited to the task. Why must you prevail upon me when I am
years removed from my best?
Send someone else.
Yours,
—Abraham
Henry’s reply came by express a mere four days after Abe sent his refusal off to New
York.
Abraham,
It is a difficult thing to know the future. We see it reflected as in ripples of water—distorted
and ever moving. There are moments, however, when the ripples subside and the reflection
becomes clear. The Union saw one of those moments in your future that night in New York:
you are destined to defeat Jefferson Davis, Abraham. You alone. Further, I do not believe that
it is your destiny to die on this errand. I feel this with my whole self. I would not send you otherwise. It must be you, Abraham. I beg you reconsider.
Ever,
—H

Abe was fifty-two years old. And while he remained remarkably agile for his age, he was a
far cry from the young hunter who could split a log from fifty yards. He needed backup.
I have sent word to Speed to meet me in Springfield at once, and—after a great deal of
consideration—I have brought Lamon to the truth, as well. He thought me either “round the
bend or a damned, lying fool” when first I revealed the story of vampires and their evil designs
on man, and very nearly lost his temper—until I prevailed upon one of the trinity to confirm my
story—which he did in dramatic fashion. There are few men who can be trusted in this war,
and though [Lamon] and I disagree on a great many things (slavery being not the least of
them), he has proven himself a loyal friend. With Jack gone, enlisting a man of his size seems
prudent—particularly when Speed is so slight, and I am getting on in years.
My God… I feel rather like [King] Henry at Harfleur. *
In July, the three hunters traveled by train to Bolivar County, Mississippi, where, Abe had
been told, Jefferson Davis was recovering after undergoing eye surgery. Concealed in their
luggage was a traveling armory of revolvers, knives, crossbows, and Abe’s ax—newly
sharpened, glistening once again. Candidate Lincoln had spent days secretly whittling new
stakes for his quiver and fashioning a new chest plate to wear beneath his coat. He’d retreated to the woods with his ax and practiced throwing it into tree trunks ten, then twenty
yards distant. He’d even dusted off his old martyr recipe and prepared a new batch.
I insisted that the trinity remain in Springfield to look after my family. It was a simple errand, I told them. Our target was merely a living man, after all—one rendered infirm and halfblind by surgery. Speed, Lamon, and I were more than capable of dispensing with Davis and
his vampire minders.
The hunters tied up their horses on the edge of Davis’s property just after one o’clock in
the morning on Monday, July 30th. They kept their distance from the main house, lying in the
surrounding woods for a watchful half hour, whispering occasionally, waiting in the faint light
of a cloud-covered moon.
Abe had received a second letter from Henry before they’d departed Springfield, a letter
bearing new intelligence. The Union’s spies had learned that Davis was confined to a bedroom on the west side of the second floor. Intent on giving him peace while he healed, his
wife, Varina, had taken to sleeping in an adjacent room with their two infant sons and fiveyear-old daughter. At night, Davis’s two minders took turns patrolling the grounds while the
other remained in the house.
I thought it strange, therefore, that we saw no sign of such patrols, or lights burning in any
of the windows. Henry’s instructions, however, were precise, and we had traveled a long way.
There could be no thoughts of turning back. Satisfied that we had waited long enough, we

readied our weapons and crept into the clearing around the two-story house. It was white (or
yellow, I could not tell in the dark), with a raised front porch and first story, as these parts
were often deluged when the Mississippi swelled beyond its banks. I half expected to see a
vampire waiting at the front door, long since alerted to our presence by the distant whinnying
of our horses, the scent of the martyrs in my coat. But there was nothing. Only stillness.
Doubts flooded my mind as we climbed the steps to the porch. Did I still possess the strength
to best a vampire? Had I prepared Lamon to face an opponent of such speed and strength?
Was Speed still equal to the task at hand? Indeed, the ax in my hands felt heavier than it had
since I was a child.
Abe slowly nudged the front door as Lamon took aim, ready to shoot the vampire that was
almost certainly going to leap out of the shadows the moment it was opened.
None did.
We entered—I with my ax held high; Speed looking down the barrel of his .44 caliber
[rifle]; Lamon with a revolver in each hand. We searched the dark, sparsely furnished first
floor, our every step announced by creaking floorboards as we went. If indeed there was a
vampire guarding Davis above, he knew we were here now. Finding no sign of the dead (or
living) below, we returned to the front of the house and its narrow staircase.
Abe led the way up. There were vampires here—he could feel it.
I could see the next several moments unfold in my mind as I climbed the stairs. Upon
reaching the top, one of the vampires would spring from hiding and strike from my right side. I
would turn my ax in his direction and lodge it in his chest as we met, but in doing so, I would
be knocked backward—and the two of us would be sent tumbling down the stairs. As we
wrestled, the second vampire would strike Speed and Lamon above. Lamon would panic (this
being his first hunt) and empty his revolvers wildly, but his bullets would miss the mark. It
would therefore fall to Speed and his rifle to silence the creature, which he would do by shooting it cleanly through the heart and head. The noise would rouse Mrs. Davis and the children
from sleep, and they would scurry into the hall at precisely the moment I freed my ax from the
first vampire’s chest and took his head at the base of the staircase. Their screams would
bring the frail, half-blind Jefferson Davis stumbling out of his own bedroom, upon which
Speed and Lamon would shoot him to death. With our sincere apologies to his family, we
would then run off into the night.
But on reaching the top of the stairs, Abe found nothing. Every door was open. Every
room empty.
Could we be in the wrong place? Could Davis have suddenly and inexplicably risen from
his bed and departed for Washington? No—no, Henry’s instructions had been meticulous.
This was the house. This was the intended date and time of our strike. It was all wrong.

There are vampires here… I can feel it.
The truth now formed in my mind. Oh, that I had ignored my instincts! That I had come at
all! Damn Henry’s rippling water! How could I have been so reckless? How could I have ventured my life with three sons at home? A wife who was already fragile from grief? No… I
would not die tonight. I refused.
“Out,” whispered Abe. “Out at once—and make ready your weapons… we are betrayed.”
We bounded down the stairs toward the front door, but on reaching it found it locked from
the outside. The clapping of wood against wood now surrounded us as storm shutters were
slammed shut over every window, and a chorus of hammers pounded nails into the house,
ensuring they could not be opened. “Upstairs!” I cried. But here, too, the shutters had been
closed and fastened.
“They’ve trapped us!” said Lamon.
“Yes,” said Speed. “However, all things being equal, I’d rather be in here with us than out
there with them.”
Abe said nothing. He knew it wouldn’t be long before they smelled the smoke; before they
felt the heat of the fire as it ate through the walls and floorboards. As if answering this
thought, Lamon exclaimed, “Look!” and pointed to the flickering orange light coming through
the crack beneath the front door.
They had no choice.
Whatever horrors waited outside, they couldn’t be worse than certain death by burning.
The flames were now visible all around them through the slats in the storm shutters.
I had a plan. Once through the door, we would remain shoulder to shoulder, three across,
and charge straight ahead until we reached the tree line. I would take the center, using my ax
to cut down whatever came at us from the front. Speed and Lamon would be on my right and
left, shooting whatever came at us from the sides. It was a plan almost certain to fail (based
on how quickly the shutters had closed around us, there were at least a dozen men, vampires, or some combination of the two outside), but it was the only one we had. I lifted my ax
and steadied myself. “Gentlemen,” I said.
The front door flew open with a single blow of Abe’s ax, sending smoke and hot ash flying
away from the porch.
The heat was immediate. It drove us back at first, blistering our skin and very nearly setting our clothes alight. When my eyes adjusted to the flames on the front porch (by now fully
engulfed), I saw that the fallen door had provided a narrow path across. I held my breath and
led the way, hurrying over the door, down the front steps and onto the grass below. No sooner had my feet touched the ground than I realized the hopelessness of our effort. For in the
light of the burning house behind us, I discerned no fewer than twenty figures ahead—some

aiming rifles, others wearing dark glasses to shield their eyes from the flames. Living men and
vampires—conspiring to cut off all hope of escape. One of the living, an older gentleman,
stepped forward and stood but ten feet from me.
“Mr. Lincoln, I presume,” he said.
“Mr. Davis,” said Abe.
“I’d be much obliged,” said Davis, “if your companions would put those irons down. I’d
hate for one of my men to startle and fill the three of you with holes.”
Abe turned to Speed and Lamon and gave a nod. Both dropped their guns.
“The big one is concealing another pistol,” said one of the vampires behind Davis. “He’s
thinking about reaching for it right now.”
“Well, if he does,” said Davis, “then I suggest you kill him.” Davis turned back to Abe.
“Your ax as well, if you please.”
“If it’s all the same, Mr. Davis,” said Abe, “I don’t expect to live but a few moments longer,
and I would very much like to die holding the ax my daddy gave me as a boy. Surely one of
your men will shoot me if I raise it in anger.”
Davis smiled. “I like you, Mr. Lincoln—I do. Kentucky born, same as me. Self-made. As
fine an orator as ever lived—and dedicated, my Lord! Coming all the way down here just to
kill a man! Leaving your family alone and unprotected in Springfield… no, sir, let no man
speak ill of your convictions. I could sing your praises till morning, sir—but some of my associates are rather sensitive to sunlight, and… well, I’m afraid we just don’t have that long.
“Tell me,” said Davis, “with your many fine qualities and famous mind, how is it that you’ve
arrived on the wrong side of this fight?”
“I?” asked Abe. “I must have misheard you, sir—for of the two of us, only one is conspiring
against his fellow man.”
“Mr. Lincoln, vampires are superior to man, just as man is superior to the Negro. It’s the
natural order of things, you see. Surely we agree on this much, at least?”
“I agree that some vampires are superior to some men.”
“Am I wrong, therefore, to recognize the inevitability of their rule? Am I wrong to side with
the greater power in the coming war? Sir, it brings me no pleasure to think of white men in
cages. But if it must come to pass—if vampires are to be the kings of men—then let us work
with them while time remains. Let us regulate the thing—limit it to the Negro, and to the undesirables of our own race.”
“Ah,” said Abe. “And when the blood of Negroes is no longer sufficient; when the
‘undesirables’ of our race have been exhausted—tell me, Mr. Davis… who then shall your
‘kings’ feed upon?”

Davis said nothing.
“America,” Abe continued, “was forged in the blood of those who opposed tyranny. You
and your allies… would you not see it delivered into the hands of tyrants?”
“America is thataway, Mr. Lincoln,” laughed Davis, pointing north. “You’re in Mississippi
now.” He stepped forward, to the very edge of where Abe’s ax could reach if he chose to
swing it. “And let us speak plainly, sir. We’re both the servants of vampires. But when these
hostilities are at an end, I will be left to enjoy the peace of my remaining years in comfort and
wealth, and you will be dead. And there it is.”
Davis paused a moment, offered a slight bow, and retreated. Three of the living men now
stepped to the front of the group—each with a rifle aimed at us. Each waiting for Davis to give
the order.
“Damn it, Abe,” said Lamon. “Are we just gonna stand here and do nothing?”
“I’m wearing a watch,” Speed told the executioners, his voice cracking. “It belonged to my
grandfather, I—I ask only that someone see it back to my wife in Louisville.”
These are the last seconds of my life.
“Well, if I’m dying,” said Lamon, “I’m dying with a gun in my hand.” He reached for his
coat.
“Boys,” said Abe to his friends, “I’m sorry for dragging you into th—”
The crack of rifles filled the night before he could finish.
In that instant I saw the faces of all those loved ones departed from this earth: my dear,
sweet little boy; my sturdy Armstrong and beloved Ann. I saw my sister, and my angel mother.
But when this instant passed, and my eyes remembered themselves, my executioners remained in the light of the burning house, shock on their faces. Speed and Lamon remained
standing on either side of me.
We still lived. Our executioners, however, were not as fortunate. All three fell in unison,
bullets having torn though their skulls.
It was a miracle.
That miracle was Henry Sturges.
He charged out of the dark with eleven Union vampires on his heels. Some held rifles, others revolvers, firing as they came. The Southern vampires nearest Davis hurried him off, while
the others prepared to meet their Northern counterparts. One of them, however, remembered
that the job of my execution remained unfinished. He leapt at me from twenty yards distant,
fangs and claws extended, eyes black behind his dark glasses. I let my ax fly, and the blade
found its target—but my strength not being what it once was, it failed to sink more than an
inch or two into his middle. He fell back briefly and looked at the dark ribbons pouring from the
gash in his belly. They were of no concern. He picked my ax off the ground and came at me

again. I thrust a hand into my coat, looking for a knife that had not been there in twenty
years… helpless. With the vampire not four feet from me, Lamon aimed over my shoulder and
fired, forever diminishing the hearing in my left ear, but silencing the creature with a bullet
through the face.
As the smoke from Lamon’s revolver hung in the air around his head, Abe became aware
of a sharp pain coming from his chin.
I pressed my hand to it. [The vampire] had come close enough to open a gash with the tip
of my ax. Blood dripped from the wound and down the front of my shirt as vampires clashed
before us in the light of the flames—jumping impossible distances, crashing into each other
with enough force to shake the ground beneath our feet.
Here, for the first time, I saw Henry Sturges in battle. I watched him run headlong into a
Southern vampire and drive the devil into a tree—the result being that its trunk split in two.
Yet Henry’s opponent was hardly affected, for he pushed back and began to swing wildly with
his hands, as if holding a sword in each. Henry defended each of these strikes with his own
clawed hands, until, being the better swordsman of the two, he saw an opportunity and ran
his opponent through the middle—forcing five straightened fingers into the vampire’s belly
and out his back, snapping his spine in the process. Henry withdrew his hand, and his opponent fell to the ground, unable to move. I watched him twist the vampire’s head backward and
rip it from his shoulders.
The living men unfortunate enough to find themselves in the middle of this melee were
torn apart, their limbs taken by errant claws, their bones crushed by the force of the vampires
colliding around them. Realizing that the numbers were not in their favor, the remaining
Southern vampires made a hasty retreat. Several Union vampires gave chase—the others, including Henry, hurried to meet us where we stood.
“Abraham,” he said. “I’m pleased to see you alive, old friend.”
“And I to see you dead.”
Henry smiled. He tore a sleeve from his shirt and held it to Abe’s chin to slow the bleeding,
while his companions attended to Lamon and Speed (who were shaken up but otherwise unharmed).
The Union had been given false information by a traitorous spy—information meant to lure
me to my death. Henry and his allies did not learn of this treachery until after we left Springfield. With no means of getting word to us (for we traveled under false names), they rode for
two days and nights to head us off, while sending word to the trinity to have Mary and the
boys placed in hiding.
“And you’re sure they’re safe?” asked Abe.

“I’m sure they’re in hiding, and protected by three of my most cunning, most vicious allies,”
said Henry.
It would suffice. Abe knew that the trinity took their work seriously.
“Henry,” he said after a long pause, “I was certain that I was going to—”
“I told you, Abraham… it wasn’t your time.”
It would be the last hunt of Abe’s life.
On November 6th, 1860, Abe sat in a cramped telegraph office in Springfield.
The tide of well-wishers and appointment seekers had risen to unbearable levels as the
election approached. When the 6th came at last, I declared that I wished to see no one until
all the votes were in. My only company was to be the young [telegraph] operator. If the outcome was the one I and my supporters expected, there would be few peaceful days in the
coming years.
He’d grown a beard for the first time in his life to conceal the scar on his chin. *
It gave his face a fuller, healthier appearance. “More distinguished,” as Mary said. “A face befitting the next president.”
Mary was, at first, quite opposed to my running—having not enjoyed her previous time in
Washington, and being all too aware of the time such an endeavor would require of me. As
my campaign met with increasing success, however, her position began to change. I suspect
that she rather enjoyed the well-wishers who came to our door at all hours; the wealthy
couples who invited us to their homes for dinner; and the lavish events thrown in my honor. I
suspect that she began to see the many social possibilities of being married to the president
of the United States.
As the returns began to trickle in over the telegraph wires that Tuesday evening, it
seemed more and more certain that Abe would be just that.
I admit it came as little surprise, for I believed that the Union would see to my victory—whether earned or not. **

I could therefore feel none of the honor that had accompanied my being elected captain
by my fellow soldiers. The weight of the thing was immense. The challenges and miseries
ahead unknowable and numerous.
Henry’s telegram had been one of the first to arrive that morning—long before a single
vote had been counted.
CONGRATULATIONS MR PRESIDENT EVER H
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter

IV
President Elect Abraham Lincoln’s journey to the White House began in Springfield on
February 11th, 1861. A private train was ordered to shepherd Abe, his family, his close associates, and his private security detail to Washington, D.C.
It hadn’t been an easy transition.
Just over a month after the election, South Carolina’s legislature voted to secede from the
Union. One by one, more Southern states followed—seven in all by Inauguration Day: Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama, Florida, Georgia, South Carolina, and Texas. Abe could only
watch as President Buchanan did nothing to stem the crisis.
[Buchanan] continues to rest on his rump as the country comes apart. As the ships of our
navy and forts are daily surrendered to the South, and the Union dissolves before our eyes.
His weakness astonishes. It seems clear that he has decided to kick this crisis down the road.
I, on the other hand, am very much looking forward to kicking him onto Pennsylvania Avenue.
Three days before Abe’s train left Springfield, the self-proclaimed “Leaders of the Southern People” met in Montgomery, Alabama, to formally adopt a constitution and announce the
Confederate States of America.
They chose Jefferson Davis as their president.
Abe’s trinity patrolled the train day and night. Officially, they were “detectives” from Springfield who’d volunteered to look after the new president. His security detail also included a pair
of humans—a detective named Allan Pinkerton and his old friend Ward Hill Lamon. Lamon
had volunteered to be Abe’s bodyguard out of nothing more than friendly concern for his
safety. He was one of the few around the new president who knew the gravity of the threats
he faced. In the coming years, White House staff would grow used to seeing Lamon patrol the
White House grounds after dark, or sleeping in front of the door to the president’s bedroom.
He was big, tough, handy with a gun, and fiercely loyal—and his help was desperately
needed.
Abe’s train was scheduled to stop in at least ten major cities on the way to Washington. In
each one, thousands (if not tens of thousands) of locals came in hopes of seeing the new
president with their own eyes. Abe would often make an impromptu speech from the rear
car—sometimes only inches from those who’d packed in to hear him speak. He would then
leave the stations by coach to meet with local leaders, attend banquets, or watch parades in
his honor. It was a security nightmare.
It has been an overwhelming several days. The boys are in fine spirits, though—running
about the train, watching the country roll by through its windows. Bob finds it “all so very exciting,” while Willie and Tad seem not the least bit affected by the crowds, or by the presence of
so many new faces. Mary, too, seems to be taking it all in stride, though her head has been

especially bothersome this trip. *
For all the excitement, there was a conspicuous tension hanging over the train. Everyone
on board felt it, though no one spoke of it openly.
There are some who have sworn that I shall never live to see the White House. Such talk
breeds grave concern (an appropriate kind given the subject) on the faces of my protectors. I,
however, can honestly say that it costs me not one nickel of sleep—for I have known death
my entire life, and have come to regard him as something of an old friend. Of course, Mary is
roused to great anxiety by these rumors (but then, she is roused to great anxiety by a great
many things). So long as our boys hear nothing of it, I am content.
The trip continued without incident for ten days, through Indiana, Ohio, New York, New
Jersey, and Pennsylvania—and it began to seem that all the talk of assassination was just
that. But on February 22nd in Philadelphia, Abe received an urgent visit from William Seward’s son, Frederick. He came bearing a sealed letter.
Dear Mr. President Elect,
Our mutual acquaintance wishes it known that a plot has been discovered in Baltimore.
Four men will stab and shoot you to death when you change trains at the Calvert Street Station. He thought it best you should be aware of this, so that you may take every precaution
against it.
Yours,
—Wm. Seward
It was decided that Abe, accompanied by Pinkerton and Lamon, and wearing a hat and
cloak to conceal his identity from the other passengers, would take a separate train through
Baltimore directly to Washington. Pinkerton and Lamon would be armed, Abe wouldn’t.
This caused quite a squabble, I recall. Lamon (who knew me to be proficient with such
weapons) insisted I be given a revolver and a long knife. Pinkerton refused. “I will not have it
said that the future president of the United States entered the capital armed!” The two nearly
came to blows over the matter, until I offered a compromise: Lamon would carry two of each
weapon, and would give them over only if we came under attack. It was agreed to, and we
prepared to be off.
But their plans changed when Pinkerton realized that the trinity was gone.
[They] had simply vanished somewhere between Philadelphia and Harrisburg—giving no
reason for their absence. As I refused to leave Mary and the boys without an armed escort, it
was quickly decided that Pinkerton would stay behind and look after them while Lamon accompanied me on the other train. The telegraph lines between Pennsylvania and Maryland
were then cut, so that any conspirators would be unable to relay word of our departure from

Harrisburg.
Just after midnight on the 23rd, Abe’s “secret” train passed through Baltimore on its way to
Washington.
There were anxious moments as we passed through the heart of the city (more slowly, it
seemed, than any train I had ever ridden on). Could these assassins have discovered our
trick? Were they, at this very moment, preparing to bombard our train with cannon fire?
Abe needn’t have worried. By the time his train rolled through the station, three of his
would-be assassins were already dead—and the fourth was dying beneath his feet.
The partial bodies of four men were found near Calvert Street Station the next morning.
From the February 23rd edition of the Baltimore Sun:
Two gentlemen have had [their] heads taken. Another has been viciously beaten, to the
extent that police are as yet unable to determine his age or race. The fourth, it seems, was
halved beneath the wheels of a passing locomotive. Incredibly, a witness claims that the gentleman survived for several minutes thereafter—his spine being severed in such a way that he
was still able to move his head and arms. He was seen faintly crying out and attempting to
drag his remaining body from the tracks before dying.
Though they never spoke a word about the incident, Abe never doubted that his three
vampire protectors had been responsible for the carnage.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter
V
On March 4th, 1861, Abraham Lincoln—exceptional boy of Sinking Springs Farm, apple of
his departed mother’s eye, survivor of the trials of Job, and one of the nation’s most accomplished vampire hunters—was sworn in as the sixteenth president of the United States.
We are not enemies, but friends. We must not be enemies. Though passion may have
strained it must not break our bonds of affection. The mystic chords of memory, stretching
from every battlefield and patriot grave to every living heart and hearthstone all over this
broad land, will yet swell the chorus of the Union, when again touched, as surely they will be,
by the better angels of our nature.
Tens of thousands gathered in front of a covered wooden platform on the Capitol steps to
hear him speak. Little did they know that they were witnessing the largest security operation
in history. Troops were stationed around the city, ready to put down any violent protests or
large-scale attacks. Police (both uniformed and not) stood guard beneath the podium where
Abe spoke, keeping an eye out for anyone who might raise a revolver or long rifle. Closer to
the president elect, Ward Hill Lamon hovered on the platform with two revolvers in his coat
and a long knife on his belt. The vampires of the trinity were stationed at different points, but
they were never far from Abe.

Only later would I learn that the hearts of two armed men had been discreetly run through
during my speech. Unlike the assassins in Baltimore, these had been vampires.
Five weeks into Abe’s young presidency the country’s strained “bonds of affection” finally
broke.
Fort Sumter, a federal stronghold in Charleston Harbor, South Carolina, had been under
siege by Confederates since January. The Southerners demanded that the Union troops
(commanded by Major Robert Anderson) surrender the fort, as it was in South Carolina, and
therefore not the property of the federal government. Abe had done everything in his power to
prevent hostilities from breaking out, but Anderson’s men were running desperately short of
food, and the only way to resupply them was by sending warships into Confederate territory.
I am now forced to choose between two evils. Either I must allow a few soldiers to starve,
or provoke a war that will undoubtedly kill scores of soldiers. Struggle as I might, I can see no
third option.
Abe sent the ships.
The first of them reached Charleston Harbor on April 11th. The next morning, before sunrise, Confederate Colonel James Chestnut Jr. gave the order to fire on the fort.
It was the first shot of the Civil War.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter
ELEVEN
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter
Casualties
Fellow-citizens, we cannot escape history. We of this Congress and this administration,
will be remembered in spite of ourselves. No personal significance, or insignificance, can
spare one or another of us. The fiery trial through which we pass, will light us down, in honor
or dishonor, to the latest generation.
—Abraham Lincoln, in a message to Congress
December 1st, 1862
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter
I
On June 3rd, 1861, Stephen A. Douglas was found dead in a stairwell of his Chicago
home.
I have just this hour heard the shocking news. Though the full facts have not yet come to
light, I have no doubt that it is the work of vampires—and that I bear some of the responsibility
for his murder.
Publicly, the cause of death was reported as typhoid fever, even though none of Douglas’s
friends remembered him feeling unwell the night before he was discovered. The body was

taken by coach to Mercy Hospital, where it was examined by a young Chicago physician, Dr.
Bradley Milliner. From the autopsy report:
Four small, circular puncture wounds on deceased’s body—two on left shoulder directly over
axillary [artery]; two the neck directly over right common carotid [artery]. Both sets surrounded
by significant bruising; uniformly spaced one and one-half inches apart.Whole of deceased’s
body badly decayed and gray-blue in color; face is sunken; skin brittle, suggesting death occurred weeks or months before examination. Stomach contains brightly colored, whole pieces
of undigested food, suggesting deceased ate shortly before death, and that death occurred
less than twenty-four hours before examination.
Along with his observations, Dr. Milliner scribbled a single word in the report’s margin:
“Incredible.”
The report itself was deemed “inconclusive” and suppressed by Milliner’s superiors, who
thought that releasing such information would only add to the “climate of conjecture and suspicion” surrounding the senator’s death. *
Lincoln and Douglas had been the most famous rivals in America. For two decades, they’d
competed over everything from a woman’s love to the highest office in the land. But for all
their political antipathy, the two had grown to respect, even like, each other over the years.
Douglas was, after all, one of Abe’s “brilliant beacons” in Washington’s “fog of fools.” And
while the so-called Little Giant spent years appealing to Southern passions, he was, in his
heart, no son of the South. In fact, Douglas loathed the idea of disunion, going so far as to call
secessionists “criminals,” and declaring: “We must fight for our country and forget our differences. There can be but two parties: the party of patriots and the party of traitors. We belong
to the first.”
When the Union began to tear itself apart in the wake of his failed 1860 campaign, it was
Stephen Douglas who first reached out to his old rival—the new president elect.
He wishes to join me in the cause of opposing secession. To that end I have asked him to
make a speaking tour of the Border States and the Northwest (those places where the flame
of unity might yet be fanned by our efforts, or snuffed out by a lack of them). I can think of no
better messenger, no ally more symbolic of the need for unity. I will admit that his offer took
me quite by surprise. I suppose it possible that he has come to regret his association with the
vampire South, and is looking for some means of redemption. Whatever his reasons, I welcome his help.
Douglas made pro-Union speeches in three states before returning to Washington. At
Abe’s inauguration, with the threat of assassination hanging in the air, he placed himself near

the podium and declared, “If any man attacks Lincoln, he attacks me!” And on Sunday, April
14th, 1861, as Fort Sumter was being surrendered to the Confederates, Stephen Douglas
was among the first to race to the White House.
He came today with no appointment, only to find that I was meeting with the Cabinet, and
would be thus engaged for quite some time. [Presidential secretary John] Nicolay asked him
to call again, but Judge Douglas flatly refused. When I had grown weary of hearing his familiar baritone shouting profanities in the hall, I swung my office door open and exclaimed, “By
God, let the man in or we shall have two wars to fight!”
We met privately for an hour or more. I had never seen him in such a panicked state!
“They will march headlong into Washington and kill me!” he cried. “Kill the lot of us! I demand
to know what plans you have to combat this menace, sir!” I told him, in the calmest voice I
could muster, the truth—that I was to call for 75,000 militia the next morning; that I was to
suppress this rebellion with every power of my office and weapon in my arsenal. These reassurances, however, only seemed to deepen his panic. He urged me to call for three times that
number. “Mr. President,” he said, “you do not know the dishonest purposes of those men as I
do. You do not, and I say this with the deepest respect, sir, know the real enemy you face.”
“Oh, but I assure you, Mr. Douglas—I know them too well.”
Thanks to Henry, Abe had known about Douglas’s connection to Southern vampires since
their Senate race three years earlier. Douglas, however, never suspected that the gangly,
graying man before him had once been the mightiest vampire hunter on the Mississippi.
I can scarcely describe his astonishment at hearing the word “vampires” pass my lips.
Now, with the truth out at last, each of us told the other his story: I of my mother’s death; of
my years spent hunting vampires. Douglas of the fateful day when—as a young, ambitious
Democrat in the Illinois State Legislature—he was approached by a pair of “sallow” men from
the South. “It was then that I first learned of [vampires],” he said. “It was then that I first became intoxicated by their money and influence.”
Douglas repaid their support by railing against abolitionists in the Senate and by using his
natural talent for speechmaking to rally proslavery forces across the country. But he’d begun
to question his vampire patrons in recent years.
“Why do they reject compromise with the North?” he asked. “Why do they seem intent on
war at any cost? And why, by God, do they care so fervently for the institution [of slavery] at
all? I could see no logic in it, and I could not, in good conscience, continue down the path to
disunion.”
It became clear that Douglas did not know the whole truth; clear that—while guilty of some
small treachery—he could not be judged with the likes of the traitorous [Jefferson] Davis.
Moved by his remorse, I determined to tell him all: the marriage of slavery and Southern vam-

pires. Their plan to enslave all but the fortunate few of our kind; to keep us in cages and
chains as we had kept the Negro. I told him of their plan to create a new America; a nation of
vampires—free from oppression, free from darkness, and blessed with an abundance of living
men to feast upon.
By the time I finished speaking, Douglas wept.
That night, Abe sat at the head of a long table in his office, with Secretary of State William
Seward to his left. They were joined by the rest of the Cabinet, all of them anxious to hear
why they’d been summoned from their supper tables and rushed back to the White House.
“Gentlemen,” I said at last, “I wish to speak to you this evening about vampires.”
Abe had met with his Cabinet on a near daily basis since the inauguration. They’d discussed every detail of the coming war: uniforms, supply lines, commanders, horses, provisions—everything but the truth of what they were really fighting for, and who they were really
fighting against.
And yet I had asked these men to plan me a war! Was it not akin to asking a group of
blind men to pilot a steamboat?
The encounter with Douglas had changed Abe’s mind. When they parted company that
evening, he had ordered Nicolay to reconvene the Cabinet at once.
I thought it crucial that these men—these men who were to be my counsel through untold
miseries—knew exactly what they faced. There would be no more revelations in this office.
No more half-truths or omissions. Now, just as I had with Douglas, I would tell them the whole
truth—with Seward there to endorse every word of it. My history. My hunting. My alliance with
a small band of vampires called the Union, and the unthinkable consequences of the coming
war.
Some were shocked to hear vampires spoken of at all. [Secretary of the Navy Gideon]
Wells and [Secretary of the Treasury Salmon] Chase, it seemed, had managed to go the
whole of their lives thinking them nothing more than myth. Wells sat in ashen silence. Chase,
however, grew indignant. “I will not stand for folly in the face of war!” he declared. “I will not be
summoned from my home to be made a fool for the president’s amusement!” Seward rose to
my defense, insisting that every word was true, and admitting his own complicity in keeping it
from the rest of the Cabinet. Chase remained unconvinced.
He was not alone in his doubts. [Secretary of War Edwin] Stanton—who had long believed
vampires real, but confined to the shadows—was the next to speak. “What sense can it
make?” he asked. “Why would [Jefferson] Davis… why would any man conspire against himself? Why would any man hasten his own enslavement?”
“Davis has only his own survival in mind,” I said. “He and his allies are pilot fish—cleaning
the teeth of sharks to avoid being themselves bitten. Perhaps they have been promised

power and riches in this new America, exemption from chains. But know this—whatever they
have been promised is a lie.”
Chase could bear it no longer. He rose from his seat and left the room. I waited for others
to join him. Satisfied that none would, I continued.
“Even now,” I said, “there is a part of me that finds it all impossible to believe. A part of me
that expects to wake from a half-century’s dream. Even after all these years, and all of the
things I have witnessed. And why not? After all, to believe in vampires is to reject reason! To
acknowledge a darkness that is not supposed to exist anymore. Not here, in this great age,
where science has illuminated all but a few mysteries. No… no, that darkness belongs in the
Old Testament; in the tragedies of Shakespeare. But not here.
“That, gentlemen… that is why they thrive. That belief—that we live beyond the reach of
darkness—is one that vampires have worked tirelessly to instill through the centuries. I submit
to you that it is nothing less than the greatest lie ever sold to mankind.”
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter
II
Three days after the fall of Fort Sumter, Virginia seceded from the Union, and the Confederate capital was relocated to its industrial heart, Richmond. Over the next few weeks, Arkansas, Tennessee, and North Carolina followed. There were now eleven states in the Confederacy, with a combined population of nine million people (four million of which were slaves).
Even so, most Northerners were convinced that the war would be a short one, and that the
“sechers” (secessionists) would be stamped out by summer’s end.
They had reason to be confident. The North, after all, had more than twice the population
of the South. It had railroads that could speed troops and provisions to the battlefield in a fraction of the time; superior factories to supply boots and ammunition; warships to blockade
ports and pound coastal cities. Pro-Union newspapers urged the president to bring about a
“swift end to this unpleasantness.” Cries of “Forward to Richmond!” were heard across the
North. Henry Sturges agreed. In a telegram dated July 15th, he used a quote from
Shakespeare to send Abe a coded message *
: strike Richmond now.
Abraham,
“In God’s name, cheerly on, courageous friends, to reap the harvest of perpetual peace,
by this one bloody trial of sharp war.” **

—H

Abe followed the advice. The day after receiving the letter, he ordered the largest fighting
force ever assembled on North American soil—35,000 men—to march from Washington to
Richmond under the command of Brigadier General Irvin McDowell. Most of McDowell’s soldiers came from the 75,000 militiamen hurriedly called up in the wake of Fort Sumter. They
were, for the most part, farmers and tradesmen. Baby-faced teenagers and frail old men.
Some had never fired a shot in their lives.
McDowell complains that his men are inexperienced. “You are green,” I told him, “but [the
Confederates] are green also. You are all green alike! We must not wait for the enemy to
come marching into Washington. We must meet him where he lives! To Richmond, by God!”
To get there, McDowell and his men would have to march twenty-five miles south into Virginia, where General Pierre Beauregard and 20,000 Confederates were waiting for them. In
the sweltering heat of Monday, July 21st, 1861, the two armies met near the town of Manassas. It would be remembered as the First Battle of Bull Run—so named for the little creek that
would soon run red.
Two days after the battle, a Union private named Andrew Merrow wrote home to his new
bride in Massachusetts. *
His letter paints a gruesome picture of the day’s events, and offers some of the earliest evidence that the Confederate Army had vampires in its ranks.
We had [the Confederates] whipped at the start. Blessed with greater numbers, we drove
the devils south up Henry House Hill, and into a group of trees at its peak. What a sight to see
them scatter like mice! To see our ranks spread half a mile wide! To hear the cracking of gunpowder from all directions! “Let us chase them all the way to Georgia!” cried Colonel Hunter,
to the delight of the men.
As we neared the top of the hill, the rebels covered their retreat by firing on us. The gun
smoke grew so thick that one could scarcely see ten yards into the trees where they hid.
From behind this curtain of smoke suddenly came a chorus of wild yells. The voices of twenty
or thirty men, growing louder by the moment. “First ranks! Fix bayonets!” ordered the colonel.
As they did, a small band of Confederates emerged from the smoke, running toward us as
fast as any men have ever run. Even from a distance, I could see their strange, wild eyes.
There was not a rifle, or a pistol, or a sword among them.
Our first ranks began to fire, yet their rifles seemed to have no effect. Melissa, I shall
swear until my grave that I saw bullets strike these men in their chests. In their limbs and
faces. Yet they continued to charge as if they had not been hit at all! The rebels smashed into
our ranks and tore men apart in front of my eyes. I do not mean to suggest that they ran them
through with bayonets, or fired on them with revolvers. I mean to say that these rebels—these
thirty unarmed men—tore one hundred men to pieces with nothing more than their bare

hands. I saw arms pulled off. Heads twisted backward. I saw blood pour from the throats and
bellies of men gutted by mere fingertips; a boy grasping at the holes where his eyes had been
a moment before. A private three yards in front of me had his rifle plucked away. I was close
enough to feel his blood on my face as its stock was used to smash his skull in. Close enough
to taste his death on my tongue.
Our lines broke. I am not ashamed to say that I dropped my rifle and ran with the others,
Melissa. The rebels gave chase, overtaking and savaging men on either side of me as we retreated. Their screams following me down the hill.
Reports of similar “rebel charges” poured in from McDowell’s commanders. “Well,” he is
rumored to have said (on learning that the Union was in full retreat), “we brought the superior
army, but it seems they brought the superior men.” McDowell had no idea that those “superior
men” weren’t men at all.
The fighting lasted a matter of hours. When the gun smoke gave way, more than a thousand men were dead, another three thousand severely or mortally wounded. From the diary
of Union Major General Ambrose Burnside:
I rode past a small pond at dusk and saw men washing their wounds in it. The water had
turned quite red as a result—but this did not deter the desperate from drinking it when they
crawled to its edge. Near this, I saw the body of a rebel boy who had been hit by a shell. Only
his arms, shoulders and head remained—his eyes open and face expressionless. A group of
buzzards was gathered around him, picking at his entrails. Pecking at the bits of his brain that
had spilled onto the ground. It is a sight that shall never leave me.
And yet I have seen a hundred such horrors this day. A man could walk a mile in any direction without his feet touching the ground—such are the number of bodies. Even as I write
this, I hear the screams of the wounded on the air. Begging for help. For water. In some
cases, begging for death.
I have no more fear of hell, for I have this day seen it with my own eyes.
The North was in a state of shock and mourning after Bull Run.
Had I only listened to Douglas! To McDowell! Had I only called for more men and given
them more time to train—this war might be over, and the suffering and death of thousands
avoided. It is clear, now, that the South means to compensate for her smaller numbers by
sending vampires to the fields of battle. So be it. I have spent a lifetime hunting vampires with
my ax. I shall now spend a little while longer hunting them with my army. If this is to be a long
and costly struggle, then let us redouble our resolve to win it.
Once its shock subsided, the North took a cue from its president and dug its heels in. Men
turned out in droves to enlist, and states pledged new regiments and provisions. On July
22nd, 1861, the day he signed a bill calling for 500,000 new troops, Abraham Lincoln

scribbled a prescient thought in his journal.
Let us pray now for the future dead. Though we do not yet know their names, we know
that there shall be far too many of them.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter
III
It had been a bitter, frustrating winter for the president and his Cabinet. With rivers frozen
and roads covered with mud and snow, there was little either army could do but tend its fires
and wait for the thaw. On February 9th, 1862, his 53rd birthday, Abe was in his office when
the first sign of spring came at last.
I have just received word of [General Ulysses S.] Grant’s success at Fort Henry in Tennessee. It is a crucial victory for us in the west, and a welcome change from these long
months of waiting. Together with the sound of my rascals playing outside, it is a fine Sunday
indeed!
“Rascals” Tad and Willie Lincoln—seven and ten years old, respectively—were the unquestioned life (some would say scourge) of the White House. The boys spent countless
hours running rampant over the mansion and its grounds during the first year of their father’s
presidency, a fact that aggravated some of Abe’s associates to no end, but offered the president a much-needed distraction from the stresses of running a country and a war.
The sound of my boys at play is (too often, I confess) the only joy between sunrise and
sleep. I am therefore too happy to wrestle and chase them about whenever the opportunity
presents itself—and regardless of who looks on. Not one week ago, [Iowa Senator James W.]
Grimes walked into my office for an appointment, only to find me pinned to the floor by four
boys: Tad and Willie holding my legs, Bud and Holly *
my arms. “Senator,” I said, “if you would be kind enough to negotiate the terms of my surrender.” Mary thinks it beneath the dignity of a president to gambol so, but were it not for
these moments—these tender little pieces of life—I should go mad in a month’s time.
Abe was a doting, loving father to all three of his boys, but with Robert off at Harvard
(where he was guarded by a handful of local men and vampires) and Tad “too young and wild
to be still,” he grew especially fond of Willie.
He has an insatiable appetite for books; a love of solving riddles. If there is a fight, he can
be counted on to step in and make the peace. Some are eager to point to the similarities
between us, but I do not see us as so very similar—for Willie has a kinder heart than I, and a
quicker mind.
As he celebrated the good news that Sunday afternoon, Abe happened to catch a glimpse
of his boys playing on the frost-covered South Lawn below his office window.

Tad and Willie were busy holding a court-martial for Jack *
as they often did—accusing him of this offense or that. Not ten yards from where they played,
two young soldiers (not much more than boys themselves) looked after them—both of them
shivering, no doubt wondering what they had done to deserve such an assignment.
They were just two of the dozen living guards who patrolled the White House and its
grounds around the clock. At Abe’s insistence, his wife and children were accompanied by no
fewer than two men (or one vampire) whenever they ventured outdoors. There were no
fences between the street and the mansion in 1862. The public was free to roam the
grounds—even enter the mansion’s first floor. As journalist Noah Brooks wrote, “the multitude, washed or unwashed, always has free egress and ingress.” The multitude was not,
however, permitted to carry firearms onto the property.
At half-past three o’clock, a small, bearded man with a rifle was spotted approaching the
White House from the direction of Lafayette Square. The sentry assigned to the North Entrance leveled his weapon and ordered the man to stop—yelling at the top of his lungs.
FIG. 3A-1. - SOUTH LAWN OF THE WHITE HOUSE UNDER HEAVY GUARD, CIRCA
1862. THE MAN ON THE PORTICO IS BELIEVED TO BE A MEMBER OF ABES TRINITY.
The commotion drew me to the north windows, where I watched the little man continue his
approach, a rifle held across his body. Guards came running now from every corner of the
grounds, alerted, as we had been, by the repeated shouts of “stop at once or be shot!”
Three of these guards came running quite a bit faster than the others, and made straight
for the intruder with no fear of being shot. At the sight of their advance (and, I suspect, their
fangs), the little man at last dropped his rifle and raised his hands in the air. He was nonetheless brought violently to the ground, and his pockets searched by Lamon while the trinity held
his limbs. I was later told that he seemed frightened; confused. “He gave me ten dollars,” he
supposedly said with tears in his eyes. “He gave me ten dollars.”
Only now, with the immediate danger passed, did my eyes find two of the several soldiers
now forming a circle around the intruder.
Abe’s heart stopped. They were the same young soldiers who’d been looking after Willie
and Tad.
His children were alone.
The boys had been too engrossed to pay any mind to the shouting, or notice their shivering guards running off to investigate it. In this vulnerable moment, they were set upon by a
stranger.
He, too, might have escaped their notice, had the heel of his boot not come down on their
doll and brought an end to their game. Willie and Tad looked up to see a man of average
height and build standing over them, wearing a long black coat, with a scarf and top hat to

match. His eyes were obscured by dark glasses, and his lip obscured by a thick brown mustache. “Hello, Willie,” he said. “I have a message for your father. I would very much like you to
give it to him.”
Now it was Tad’s screams that brought the guards running.
The vampires were the first to arrive, with Lamon and several soldiers on their heels. I
came bounding down the steps of the South Portico next, and found Tad frightened and crying, but seemingly unharmed. Willie, however, was rubbing his tongue with his coat sleeve
and spitting repeatedly. I took him in my arms and looked him over—turning his face and neck
this way, that way—all the while praying there were no wounds on his body.
“There!” Lamon cried, pointing to a figure running south. He and the trinity gave chase,
while the others hastened us into the house. “Alive!” I cried after them. “Alive!”
Lamon and the trinity chased the figure across Pennsylvania Avenue and through the Ellipse. *
When it became clear that he couldn’t keep pace, the breathless Lamon drew his revolver
and, with no regard for the innocent bystanders he might have hit, fired at the distant figure
until his cartridges were spent.
The trinity was gaining on its target. The four vampires ran south toward the unfinished
Washington Monument, into the field of grazing cattle that surrounded it. Construction of the
massive marble obelisk (at 150 feet, it was only one-third its eventual height) had been halted, and a temporary slaughterhouse erected in its shadow to help meet the needs of a
hungry army. It was into this long, wooden building that the stranger now disappeared, desperate to lose the killers who were only fifty yards behind him. Perhaps there would be knives
to fight with inside… blood to throw them off his scent… anything.
But there were no carcasses in the slaughterhouse that Sunday afternoon. No workers
cutting the throats of cattle. Only dozens of metal hooks hanging from rafters overhead, each
reflecting the late-day sun that squeezed through the open doors at both ends of the long
building. The stranger ran across the bloodstained wooden floor looking for a place to hide, a
weapon to wield. He found neither.
The river… I can lose them in the river…
He sprinted toward an open door at the far end, determined to head south to the Potomac.
Once there, he would dive beneath its surface and slip away. But his exit was blocked by the
silhouette of a man.
The other door…
The stranger stopped and turned back—there were two more silhouettes behind him.
There would be no escape.

He stood near the center of the long building as his pursuers advanced from either end,
slowly, cautiously. They meant to capture him. Torture him. Demand to know who’d sent him,
and what he’d done to the boy. And, if captured, chances were that he would tell them
everything. This he could not allow.
The stranger smiled as his pursuers neared. “Know this,” he said. “That you are the slaves
of slaves.” He took a breath, closed his eyes, and leapt onto one of the hanging hooks,
stabbing himself through the heart.
I like to think that in his final moments, as his body convulsed and blood poured from his
nose and mouth—joining that of the animals’ below—that he saw the flames of hell beneath
his feet, and felt the first of an eternity’s agony. I like to think that he was afraid.
As guards sealed the White House and searched the grounds, Willie sat in his father’s office, calmly relating what had happened, while a doctor looked him over.
The stranger had grabbed his face, he said, pried his mouth open, and poured something
“bitter” into it. My thoughts turned at once to my mother’s death from a fool’s dose of vampire
blood, and I fell into silent despair at the thought of seeing my beloved little boy suffer her
fate. The doctor found no signs of injury or symptoms of poisoning, but made Willie swallow
several spoonfuls of powdered charcoal *
as a precaution (an experience he found far worse than the assault itself).
That night, as Mary tended to Tad (who had been quite shaken by the day’s events), I sat
by Willie’s bedside, watching him sleep; watching him for the slightest sign of sickness. To my
great relief, he seemed well the next morning, and I began to entertain the faint hope that it
had all been nothing more than a scare.
But as Monday wore on, Willie grew increasingly tired and sore—and by the second night,
he was running a fever. All business ground to a halt as Willie grew worse, and the best doctors in Washington were summoned to treat him.
They did all they could to treat his symptoms, but could find no cure for them. For three
days and nights, Mary and I kept a vigil at his bedside, praying for his recovery, fervent in our
belief that youth and Providence would see him through. I read him passages from his favorite books as he slept; ran my fingers though his soft brown hair and wiped the sweat from his
brow. On the fourth day, our prayers seemed answered. Willie began to mend on his own,
and my faint hopes returned. It could not be a fool’s dose, I told myself—for he would surely
be dead by now.
But after a few hours’ reprieve, Willie’s health began to worsen again. He couldn’t eat or
drink without being sick to his stomach. His body withered and weakened, and his fever refused to subside. On the ninth day, he could not be roused from sleep. And on the tenth, despite the best efforts of the best physicians available, it became clear that Willie was going to

die.
Mary could not bring herself to hold another of our little boys as he left this earth. It fell to
me to cradle our sleeping son against my chest and gently rock him through the night…
through the next morning… and through the day that followed. I refused to let him go; refused
to let go of that faintest hope that God would not be so cruel.
On Thursday, February 20th, 1862, at five p.m., Willie Lincoln died in his father’s arms.
FIG. 19-1. - MARY TODD LINCOLN POSES WITH TWO OF THE THREE SONS OF SHE
WOULD LIVE TO BURY - WILLIE (LEFT) AND TAD (RIGHT).
Elizabeth Keckley was a freed slave who worked mainly as Mary Lincoln’s dressmaker.
Years later, she recalled the sight of Lincoln weeping openly, his tall frame convulsing with
emotion. “Genius and greatness,” she said, “weeping over love’s idol lost.” John Nicolay remembered the tough, towering president walking to his office door “as if in some trance.”
“Well, Nicolay,” he said, staring off into space, “my boy is gone… he is actually gone.” Abe
barely made it into his office before bursting into tears.
For the next four days, Abe conducted little government business. He did, however, fill
nearly two dozen pages in his journal. Some of them with lamentations…
[Willie] will never know the tender touch of a woman, or experience those particular joys of
a first love. He will never know the complete peace of holding his own tiny son in his arms. He
will never read the great works of literature, or see the great cities of the world. He will never
see another sunrise, or feel another drop of rain against his sweet face…
Others with thoughts of suicide…
I have come to believe that the only peace in this life is the end of it. Let me wake at last
from this nightmare… this brief, meaningless nightmare of loss and struggle. Of endless sacrifice. All that I love waits on the other side of death. Let me find the courage to open my eyes
at last.
And sometimes, with blind rage…
I wish to see the face of the cowardly God who delights in these miseries! Who delights in
striking down children! In stealing innocent sons from their mothers and fathers! Oh, let me
see his face and rip out his black heart! Let me strike him down as I have so many of his
demons!
Arrangements were made to transport Willie’s body to Springfield, where it would be buried near the Lincolns’ permanent home. But Abe couldn’t bear the idea of having his little boy
so far away, and at the last minute it was decided that Willie would lie in a Washington crypt
until the end of his father’s presidency. Two days after the funeral (which Mary, overcome
with grief, could not attend), Abe returned to the crypt and ordered his son’s casket opened.

I sat beside him, as I had on so many nights during his brief life; half expecting him to
wake and embrace me—for such was the skill of his embalmer, that he seemed merely
asleep. I stayed with him an hour or more, speaking to him tenderly. Laughing as I told him
stories of his earliest mischief… his first steps… his peculiar laugh. Telling him how very
loved he would always be. When our time was through, and the lid again affixed to his coffin, I
began to weep. I could not bear the thought of his being alone in that cold, dark box. Alone
where I could not comfort him.
With Mary confined to bed, Abe sought refuge behind his closed office door in the week
after Willie’s death. Fearing for his health, Nicolay and Hay canceled all of his meetings indefinitely, and Lamon and the trinity guarded his door at all hours. Dozens of well-wishers came
to offer the president their sympathies that week. All were thanked and politely turned
away—until the night of February 28th, when one man was ushered directly into his office.
He’d given the name that could never be refused.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter
IV
“I cannot imagine the burden you bear,” said Henry. “The weight of a nation on your
shoulders… of a war. And now, the weight of another son buried.”
Abe sat in the light of the fireplace, his old ax hanging above its mantle. “Is this why you
come, Henry? To remind me of my miseries? If that be the case, then I assure you—I am too
aware of them already.”
“I come to offer my sympathies to an old friend… and to offer you a choi—”
“No!” Abe choked up at once. “I will not hear it! I will not be tormented with this again!”
“It is not my wish to torment.”
“Then what is it, Henry? Tell me—what is your wish? To see me suffer? To see the tears
run freely down my cheeks? Here—does this face satisfy you?”
“Abraham…”
Abe rose from his chair. “The whole of my life has been spent on your errands, Henry! The
whole of my life! And to what end? To what happiness of my own? All that I have ever loved
has fallen prey to your kind! I have given you everything. What have you given me in return?”
“I have given you my everlasting loyalty; my protection from the—”
“Death!” said Abe. “You have given me death!”
Abe looked at the ax over his mantle.
All that I have ever loved…
“Abraham… do not give in to this despair. Remember your mother—remember what she
whispered with her dying breath.”

“Do not try to manipulate me, Henry! And do not pretend to care that I suffer! You care
only for your own gains! For your war! You know nothing of loss!”
Now Henry rose to his feet. “I have spent these three hundred years mourning a wife and
child, Abraham! Mourning the life that was stolen from me; a thousand loves lost to time! You
know nothing of the lengths I have gone to protect you! Nothing of that which I have suff—”
Henry composed himself.
“No,” he said. “No… it mustn’t be this way. We have come too far for this.” He grabbed his
coat and hat. “You have my respects, and you have my offer. If you choose to leave Willie
buried, so be it.”
The sound of Willie’s name roused such wildness in me—Henry’s callous tone such rage
that I grabbed the ax from its perch and swung at his head with a scream, missing him by less
than an inch, and shattering the clock on the mantle. I recovered and swung again, but Henry
leapt over my blade. The office door now flew open behind us, and two of the trinity rushed in.
On seeing us, they froze—unsure of where their loyalties lay. Lamon, however, was plagued
by no such uncertainty. On entering, he drew his revolver and aimed it at Henry—only to have
it taken by one of the vampires before he could fire.
Henry stood in the center of the room, arms at his sides. I charged again—raising my ax
as I ran. Henry didn’t so much as blink as I came. Rather, he grabbed the handle as I brought
it down on his head, took it from me, and snapped it in two, throwing the pieces on the floor. I
came at him with my fists, but these he caught as well, twisting them around and forcing me
to my knees. Holding me thus, he knelt behind me and brought his fangs to my neck. “No!”
cried Lamon, rushing forward. The others held him back. I felt the tips of those twin razors
against my flesh.
“Do it!” I cried.
The only peace in this life is the end of it…
“Do it, I beg you!”
I felt the tiny trickles of blood run down my neck as his fangs broke through my skin. I
closed my eyes and prepared to meet the unknown; to see my beloved boys once more… but
it was not to be.
Henry withdrew his fangs and let me go.
“Some people are just too interesting to kill, Abraham,” he said, rising to his feet. He
gathered his coat and hat again and walked to the door, toward the three anxious guards
whose hearts were racing faster than my own.
“Henry…”
He turned back.

“I will see this war to its end… but I do not care to see another vampire so long as I live.”
Henry offered a slight bow. “Mr. President…”
With that, he disappeared.
Abe wouldn’t see him for the rest of his life.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter
TWELVE
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter
“Starve the Devils”
Fondly do we hope, fervently do we pray, that this mighty scourge of war may speedily
pass away. Yet, if God wills that it continue… until every drop of blood drawn with the lash
shall be paid by another drawn with the sword, as was said three thousand years ago, so still
it must be said “the judgments of the Lord are true and righteous altogether.”
—Abraham Lincoln’s Second Inaugural Address
March 4th, 1865
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter
I
Washington, D.C., was under attack, and Abe wasn’t about to miss his chance to see the
fighting up close.
On July 11th, 1864, ignoring the pleas of his personal guard, he rode alone on horseback
to Fort Stevens, *
where Confederate General Jubal A. Early was leading 17,000 rebels in a brazen assault on
Washington’s northern defenses. The president was greeted by Union officers and whisked
directly into the fort, where he would be able to relax and enjoy a cool drink behind the safety
of its thick stone walls.
I hadn’t come to be coddled or hear the battle described to me—I’d come to see the horrors of war for myself. To see what others had suffered these three long years, while I had remained behind the walls of warmth and plenty. Try as they might, the officers couldn’t discourage me from peeking over the parapet to watch boys line up and ceremoniously shoot one
another—to see them blown apart by [cannon fire] and run through by bayonets.
The sight of Abraham Lincoln towering over the battlefield in his stovepipe hat must have
seemed a godsend for the rebel sharpshooters at Fort Stevens that day. Abe had three bullets zip past him in as many minutes, each one giving his minders terrible fits of anxiety. Finally, when a Union officer standing next to him was struck in the head and killed, the president felt a tug at the bottom of his coat, and heard First Lieutenant (and future Supreme Court
Justice) Oliver Wendell Holmes yell: “Get down, you damned fool!”

But he didn’t.
He’d completely lost his fear of death.
There were no more vampires at the White House. Abe had banished them in the wake of
Willie’s death and his confrontation with Henry. Even the trinity—his most capable and ferocious protectors—had been sent back to New York.
I shall save this Union because it merits saving. I shall save it to honor the men who built it
with their blood and genius, and the future generations who deserve its liberty. I shall give
every miserable hour to the cause of victory and peace—but I shall be damned if I lay eyes on
another vampire.
The first family was now guarded exclusively by living men, and the president guarded
less and less at his own insistence. Each day brought new restrictions on his guards; each
day fewer rooms he welcomed them in. Over Ward Hill Lamon’s objections, Abe insisted on
riding out in an open carriage when the weather was agreeable, and on walking between the
mansion and the War Department alone after dark. As Lamon recalled in his memoirs years
later: “I believe that it was more than an absence of fear. I believe that it was an invitation of
death.”
A journal entry from April 20th, 1862, sums up Abe’s growing fatalism.
In the course of a week, I greet a thousand strange faces in the White House. Should I
treat each as the face of my assassin? Indeed, any man willing to give his life to take mine
would have little trouble doing it. Am I therefore to lock myself in an iron box and wait for this
war to end? If God wants my soul, He knows where He may collect it—and He may do so at
the hour and in the manner of His choosing.
In time, through sheer force of will, he would pull himself out of this depression, just as he
had all the ones before it. Not long after Willie’s death, when his longtime friend William McCullough was killed fighting for the Union, Abe sent a letter to the grieving daughter McCullough had left behind. The comfort and advice he offered was meant as much for himself as
for the girl.
Perfect relief is not possible, except with time. You cannot now realize that you will ever
feel better. Is not this so? And yet it is a mistake. You are sure to be happy again. To know
this, which is certainly true, will make you some less miserable now. I have had experience
enough to know what I say; and you need only to believe it, to feel better at once. The
memory of your dear Father, instead of an agony, will yet be a sad sweet feeling in your
heart, of a purer and holier sort than you have known before.
But while Abe was picking himself up and soldiering on, Mary was only getting worse.
She cannot bring herself to leave her bed for more than an hour’s time. Nor can she attend to Tad, who grieves not only for a brother, but a mother as well. I am ashamed to admit

that there are moments when the very sight of her angers me. Ashamed because it is no fault
of hers that she suffers fits of rage, or believes the charlatans who “commune” with our beloved sons for money. She has borne more than any mother ought to bear. I fear that her
mind has gone, and that it shall never return.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter
II
Though Abe refused to have any direct contact with Henry or the Union, he was pragmatic
enough to accept their help in winning the war. In New York, the grand ballroom (where Abe
first learned of the Union and its plans for him) had been transformed into a war room, complete with maps, chalkboards, and a telegraph. They acted as envoys to the sympathetic
vampires of Europe. They fought where they were able, and supplemented the White House’s
intelligence with that collected by their own spies. This intelligence was delivered to Seward,
who—after reading and burning the messages—related their contents to the president. From
an entry dated June 10th, 1862:
Today comes word that the Confederates are handing Union prisoners over to Southern
vampires for the purpose of torture and execution. “We hear of men,” said Seward, “hung upside down and stretched between posts. Using a logger’s saw, two vampires slowly cut the
prisoner in half beginning at his [groin]. As they do, a third vampire lies on his back beneath
the poor wretch—catching the blood that runs down his body. Because the prisoner’s head is
nearest the ground, his brain remains nourished, and he remains conscious until the blade
tears slowly back and forth through his stomach, then chest. The other prisoners are made to
watch this before being made to suffer it themselves.”
Rumors of Confederate “ghosts” and “demons” snatching men from their tents and drinking their blood spread through the Union ranks during the war’s second summer. Soldiers
could be heard singing a popular song around their campfires at night.
From Flor’da to Virginny you can hear him revel,
for ol’ Johnny Reb’s made a deal with the devil.
Sent him up north, that snake-eyed liar,
to drag us boys off to the lake of fire…
In at least one case, these rumors led a group of Union soldiers to turn on one of their
own. On July 5th, 1862, Private Morgan Sloss was murdered by five of his fellow soldiers
while encamped near Berkley Plantation in Virginia.
They pulled him from his tent in the dead of night and beat him, all the while accusing him
of being a “blood-drinkin’ demon.” (Had the boy actually been a vampire, he would have made
a better show of defending himself.) They tied him to a hitching post, and set on him with
sticks and shovels—demanding he confess. “Tell us yer a blood-drinkin’ demon and we’ll let

ya go!” they cried, all the while thrashing him till he wept and begged for mercy. After a
quarter of an hour of this, the mumbled confession at last came from his bloodied lips. I suspect the boy would have confessed to being Christ Himself if it had meant an end to his
agony. His confession noted, he was then doused in lamp oil and burned alive. The fear he
must have felt… the confusion and the fear… I cannot think of it without my fists clenching in
anger. If only by some miracle of time and heaven I could have been there to intervene.
Abe found the incident deeply troubling—not only for its cruelty, but because it meant that
the Confederate strategy was working.
How can we hope to win this war when our men have begun killing each other? How can
we hope to prevail when they will soon be too frightened to fight? For every vampire sympathetic to our cause, there are ten fighting for the enemy. How am I to contest them?
As it often did for Abe, the answer came in a dream. From an entry dated July 21st, 1862:
I was a boy again… sitting atop a familiar fence rail in the cool of a cloudy day, watching
travelers pass on the Old Cumberland Trail. I remember seeing a horse cart filled with
Negroes, each of them shackled at the wrist, without so much as a handful of loose hay to
comfort the bumps of the road, or a blanket to relieve them from the winter air. My eyes met
those of the youngest, a Negro girl of perhaps five or six, as they passed. I wanted to turn
away (such was the sorrow of her countenance), yet I could not… for I knew where she was
being taken.
Night had fallen. I had followed the Negro girl (I know not how) to a large barn—the inside
lit by torches and hanging oil lamps. I watched from the darkness as she and the others were
made to stand in a line, their eyes firmly fixed on the ground. I watched as a vampire took its
place behind each of the slaves. Her eyes found mine as a pair of fangs descended behind
her, and a pair of clawed hands grabbed her tiny neck.
“Justice… ,” she said, staring at me.
The fangs tore into her.
Her screams joined my own as I woke.
Abe convened his Cabinet the next morning.
“Gentlemen,” I began, “we have spoken a great deal about the true nature of this war;
about our true enemy. We have argued—always in the spirit of friendship—over the wisest
way to meet such an enemy, and bemoaned his power to strike fear into the hearts of our
men. I daresay that we have even come to share in that fear ourselves. This will not do.
“Gentlemen… let our enemy fear us.
“Let us deny him the laborers who tend the farms of his living allies; who build his garrisons and carry his gunpowder. Let us deny him the poor wretches who are themselves grown
as crops to be consumed by darkness. Now, gentlemen, let us starve the devils into defeat by

declaring every slave in the South free.”
Cheers went up around the table. Even Salmon Chase (who still refused to believe that
vampires were real) saw the strategic genius of attacking the engine of the South. Seward,
while joining the others in his approval, offered a piece of humble advice:
[He] suggested that such a proclamation be given to the country on the heels of a victory,
so as not to appear an act of desperation.
“Well,” I said, “then I suppose we need a victory.”
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter
III
On September 17th, 1862, the Union and Confederate armies collided at Antietam Creek,
near the town of Sharpsburg, Maryland. The Confederate forces were commanded by General Robert E. Lee, who’d enjoyed a warm relationship with the president before the war. The
Union forces were commanded by General George B. McClellan, a Democrat who despised
Abraham Lincoln with every fiber of his being. Abe writes:
[McClellan] thinks me a buffoon—unfit to command a man of his superior breeding and intellect. This would not bother me in the least if only he won more battles! Instead he sits in his
camp, using the Army of the Potomac as his personal bodyguard! He suffers from an excess
of caution: observing when he should attack, retreating when he should stand his ground and
fight. This is a sin that I cannot forgive in a general.
Lee and McClellan’s armies waited quietly in the predawn hours of that Wednesday,
September 17th, unaware that they were about to embark on the bloodiest day in American
military history. At first light, both sides unleashed their artillery. For nearly an hour the shells
flew one after the other, many with fuses timed to make them explode over their targets,
sending burning pieces of shrapnel through the bodies of any soldier unfortunate enough to
be nearby. From the diary of Union soldier Christoph Niederer, *
20th New York Infantry, 6th Corps:
I had just got myself pretty comfortable when a bomb burst over me and completely
deafened me. I felt a blow on my right shoulder and my jacket was covered with white stuff. I
felt mechanically whether I still had my arm and thank God it was still whole. At the same time
I felt something damp on my face; I wiped it off. It was bloody. Now I first saw that the man
next to me, Kessler, lacked the upper part of his head, and almost all his brains had gone into
the face of the man next to him, Merkel, so that he could scarcely see. Since any moment the
same could happen to anyone, no one thought much about it.
When the cannons fell quiet, Union troops were given orders to fix bayonets and charge
across an open cornfield toward the entrenched Confederates. But an artillery battery was
waiting for them in the tall stalks, and when they neared, the rebel cannons unleashed round

after round of grapeshot, *
taking heads off and scattering body parts across the field. From a letter by Lieutenant Sebastian Duncan Jr., **
13th New Jersey Infantry, 12th Corps:
Stray shot and shell began to whiz over our heads and burst around us… lying just in front
of our lines was a great number of dead and wounded. One poor fellow lay just before us with
one leg shot off; the other shattered and otherwise badly wounded; fairly shrieking with pain.
When the charge was over, the cornfield was a bare, smoldering ruin covered with the
dead and the dying from one end to the other. The wounded were left to suffer alone as shells
continued to fall—taking fresh limbs, and scattering the ones that had been taken already.
The battle was barely two hours old.
More than 6,000 men would lose their lives at Antietam that day, and another 20,000
would be wounded, many of them mortally.
Lee would eventually be forced into retreat. But after using only two-thirds of his available
forces to fight the battle (a fact that continues to baffle military historians), General George B.
McClellan simply watched as the battered Confederate Army limped into Virginia to regroup.
Had he chased them down, he could have dealt a crippling blow to the South and brought the
war to a speedy end.
Abe was furious.
“Damn it!” he cried to Stanton on learning that McClellan had failed to follow the enemy’s
retreat. “He has done more to cause me grief than any Confederate!”
He left for McClellan’s camp at Sharpsburg at once.
There’s a famous photograph of Abraham Lincoln and George B. McClellan sitting across
from each other in the general’s tent at Sharpsburg. Both look stiff and uncomfortable. History
knows that Abe flippantly told McClellan: “If you do not want to use the army, I would very
much like to borrow it.” What history has never known, however, is what happened shortly before that uncomfortable picture was taken.
Upon greeting [McClellan] in his tent and shaking the hands of his officers, I asked that we
be given a moment alone. Closing the flap of his tent, I placed my hat upon a small table,
straightened my coat, and stood before him. “General,” I said, “I must ask you a question.”
“Anything,” said he.
I grabbed him by the collar and pulled him close—so close that our faces were only inches
apart. “May I see them?”
“What in God’s name are you talking about?”

FIG. 8-47. - ABE SITS WITH A NERVOUS GENERAL GEORGE MCCLELLAN IMMEDIATELY AFTER THEIR CONFORNATION AT SHARPSBURG. NOTE THE AXE LEANING
AGAINST THE PRESIDENT’S CHAIR -- BROUGHT JUST IN CASE HIS HUNCH ABOUT
MCCLELLAN HAD PROVEN RIGHT.
I pulled him closer still. “Your fangs, General! Let me have a look at them!” McClellan
began to struggle against me, but his feet were no longer touching the ground. “Surely they
must be in there,” I said, prying his mouth open with one hand. “For how could any living man
seek to prolong the agony of war? Come! Show me those black eyes! Show me those razors
and let us face each other!” I shook him violently. “Show me!”
“I—I do not understand,” he said at last.
His confusion was genuine. His fear palpable.
I released him, suddenly ashamed that I had allowed my temper to run wild. “No,” I said.
“No, I can see that you do not.” I straightened my coat again and reached for the tent flap.
“Come,” I said. “Let us give Gardner *
his photograph and be done with each other.”
Abe relieved McClellan of his command a month later.
After leaving the camp at Sharpsburg, Abe surveyed the aftermath of the battle for himself. The sight of mangled, rigid bodies strewn across Antietam Creek was enough to bring
the emotionally weary president to tears.
I wept, for each of these boys was Willie. Each of them had left a father cursed as I am
cursed; a mother weeping as Mary weeps.
Abe sat on the ground beside the corpse of one Union soldier for nearly an hour. He was
told that the boy had been struck in the head by cannon fire.
His head was split open at the back, and most of his skull and brains were gone—the result being that his face and scalp lay flat on the ground like an empty bag of grain. The sight of
him repulsed me, yet I could not avert my eyes. This boy—this nameless boy—had risen that
September morning, unaware that he would never see another. He had dressed and eaten.
He had run bravely into battle. And then he had been gone—every moment of his life reduced
to a single misfortune. All of his experiences, past and future, emptied onto some strange field
far from home.
FIG. 27-C - A GROUP OF FREED SLAVES COLLECTS CONFEDERATE BODIES IN
COLD HARBOR, VIRGINIA AFTER THE WAR IN 1865. NOTE THE FANGS VISIBLE IN THE
SKULL TO THE KNEELING MAN’S LEFT.
I weep for his mother and father; for his brothers and sisters. But I do not weep for
him—for I have come to believe that old saying with all my heart…

“Only the dead have seen the end of war.”
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter
IV
As horrible as Antietam was, it was the victory that Abe had been waiting for. On September 22nd, 1862, he issued the first Emancipation Proclamation, declaring all slaves in rebel
states “forever free.”
Reaction was swift. Abolitionists argued that by freeing only the slaves in Southern states,
Abe hadn’t gone far enough. Moderates feared that the measure would only make the South
fight with more determination. Some Northern soldiers threatened mutiny, arguing that they
were fighting to preserve the Union, not “[Negro] freedom.”
Abe didn’t care.
The only reaction that concerned him was that of the slaves themselves. And judging by
the reports that began trickling in during the last months of 1862, it was precisely the one he’d
hoped for.
I received today a remarkable account from our allies in New York (related by Seward) of
a recent uprising on a plantation near Vicksburg, Mississippi. I am assured that no part of it
has been embellished, the account having been conveyed by a runaway Negro boy who witnessed the events firsthand. “The happy news of [the Emancipation Proclamation] having
reached their quarters that morning,” said Seward, “the Negroes rejoiced with spirited songs.
Their revels, however, were met with the angry whips of their masters, and a wench collected
and chained at the ankles—this being the common manner of taking away those who were
never to be seen again. Rather than allow this sorry fate to befall her, as they had allowed it
to befall so many before, the Negroes formed a mob and encircled the fattening pen into
which she had been taken. When they burst in, carrying sickles and scythes, they were met
with a sight which made even the bravest of them cry out in horror. A pair of wild-eyed gentlemen knelt over the shackled wench, each of their bloodstained mouths affixed to one of her
naked breasts. She was insensible, most of the color having left her by this time. Composing
themselves, several of the Negro men raised their weapons and charged at the devils—thinking them mortals. The vampires, however, moved with such speed as to confound
them. They leapt about the pen, clinging to the walls with the ease of insects, as blades
swung violently about them. Those who led the charge were slain—their throats opened by
pointed claws; their heads struck with such force as to render them dead before they fell. But
such were their numbers, that the mob was able to overwhelm the gentlemen. Though it took
no fewer than six men to restrain each of them, the vampires were finally dragged from the
fattening pen, held over a watering trough, and beheaded.”

FIG. 11.2 - ABE’S HOPES WERE REALIZED WHEN SLAVES BEGAN REVOLTING
AGAINST THEIR VAMPIRE CAPTIONS IN THE WAKE OF THE EMANCIPATION PROCLAMATION.
Word was spreading. The days of America’s vampires were numbered.
On November 19th, 1863, Abe rose before a crowd of 15,000. He pulled a small piece of
paper from his pocket, unfolded it, cleared his throat, and began to speak:
Fourscore and seven years ago our fathers brought forth on this continent a new nation,
conceived in liberty, and dedicated to the proposition that all men are created equal…
He’d come to Gettysburg to dedicate a memorial to the 8,000 men who had given their
lives in the three-day Union victory. As he spoke, Ward Hill Lamon (who can be seen sitting
next to Abe in one of the few surviving photos of the event) scanned the crowd anxiously—his
hand on the revolver inside his coat; his stomach in knots—for he was the only man protecting the president that day.
For three hours we sat upon that stage. Three hours of ceaseless worry—for I was certain
that an assassin would strike. Every face seemed to wear an expression of hatred for the
president. Every movement seemed prelude to an attempt on his life.
At first, Abe had insisted on going to Gettysburg without any guard, worried that the sight
of armed men would be “inappropriate” at an event honoring those who’d died for their country. Only after Lamon half-jokingly threatened to sabotage the president’s train to prevent the
trip did Abe agree to bring him along.
… that we here highly resolve that these dead shall not have died in vain—that this nation,
under God, shall have a new birth of freedom and that government of the people, by the
people, for the people, shall not perish from the earth.
Abe folded the paper and took his seat to moderate applause. He’d spoken for all of two
minutes. In that short time, he’d given perhaps the greatest speech of the nineteenth century,
one that would be forever ingrained in America’s consciousness. And in that short time, Ward
Hill Lamon, Abraham Lincoln’s most devoted human bodyguard, had reached a decision that
would forever alter the course of America’s history.
FIG. 14C-3. - WARD HILL LAMON SITS IMMEDIATELY TO ABE’S RGHT IN THE MOMENTS AFTER THE GETTYSBURG ADDRESS, NERVOUSLY SCANNING THE CROWD
FOR VAMPIRE ASSASSINS. A CLOSER LOOK AT THE EDGE OF THE PHOTO SUGGESTS THAT HIS FEARS MAY HAVE BEEN JUSTIFIED.
The anxiety at Gettysburg had been more than he could bear. As they rode back to Washington, Lamon respectfully told the president that he could no longer guard him.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter

V
On the night of November 8th, 1864, Abe walked though driving wind and rain, alone.
I resolved to sit in the telegraph office alone and await the returns, just as I had in Springfield four long years ago. If I lost, I did not wish to be consoled. If I won, I did not wish to be
congratulated. For there were many reasons to welcome the first outcome, and mourn the
second.
The war had claimed nearly 500,000 lives by Election Day. Despite these unimaginable
losses, growing war-weariness, and deep divides over emancipation in the North, Abe and his
new vice president, Democrat Andrew Johnson of Tennessee, won in a landslide against
George B. McClellan (the same McClellan Abe had confronted after Antietam). Eighty percent
of the Union Army voted to reelect its commander in chief, an astonishing number given the
fact that Abe had run against a former Union general, and given the miserable conditions
they’d endured for years. On hearing the election results, Union troops outside the Confederate capital of Richmond gave such a cheer that its beleaguered citizens were sure the South
had just surrendered.
They had reason to expect defeat. Richmond had been surrounded for months. Atlanta
(the heart of Southern manufacturing) had been captured. Across the South, emancipated
slaves continued to escape to Northern lines by the tens of thousands—crippling Southern
agriculture, and forcing Confederate vampires to scavenge for easy blood. As a result, the
dreaded “ghost soldiers” who had slaughtered and terrorized Union troops became increasingly scarce. By the time Abe was inaugurated for the second time on March 4th, 1865, the
war was all but over.
With malice toward none, with charity for all, with firmness in the right as God gives us to
see the right, let us strive on to finish the work we are in, to bind up the nation’s wounds, to
care for him who shall have borne the battle and for his widow and his orphan, to do all which
may achieve and cherish a just and lasting peace among ourselves and with all nations.
During the procession that followed his address, a battalion of Negro soldiers joined the
others marching past the president’s reviewing stand.
I was moved to tears as they passed, saluting me—for in each of their faces I saw the
face of a nameless victim crying out for justice; of a little girl passing by on the Old Cumberland Trail all those many years ago. On each of their faces I saw the anguish of the past, and
the promise of the future.
General Robert E. Lee surrendered his army on April 9th, 1865, effectively ending the Civil
War. The following day, Abe received a letter in a familiar scrawl.
Abraham,

I beg you put enmity aside long enough to read a few words of congratulations.
It brings me joy to report that our enemy has begun its exodus—many back to Europe,
others to South America and the Orient, where they are less likely to be hunted. They have
looked to the future, Abraham—and they have seen that America is now, and shall forever be,
a nation of living men. Like your namesake, you have been a “father to many” these four long
years. And like your namesake, God has asked impossible sacrifices of you. Yet you have endured it all as brilliantly as any man could have hoped. You have blessed the futures of those
who share this time on earth, and those who have yet to live.
She would be proud.
Ever,
—H
As a boy, Abe had vowed to “kill every vampire in America.” While that had proven impossible, he’d done the next best thing: he’d driven the worst of them out of America. There
was one vampire, however, who refused to leave… who believed that the dream of a nation
of immortals was still within reach—so long as Abraham Lincoln was dead.
His name was John Wilkes Booth.
FIG. 3E - JOHN WILKES BOOTH (SEATED) POSES FOR A PORTRAIT WITH CONFEDERATE PRESIDENT JEFFERSON DAVIS IN RICHMOND, CIRCA 1863. IT IS ONLY
KNOWN PICTURE OF BOOTH IN HIS TRUE VAMPIRE FORM.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter
THIRTEEN
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter
Thus Always to Tyrants
I leave you, hoping that the lamp of liberty will burn in your bosoms until there shall no
longer be a doubt that all men are created free and equal.
—Abraham Lincoln, in a speech at Chicago, Illinois
July 10th, 1858
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter

I
On April 12th, 1865, a lone man walked across the White House lawn toward the towering
columns of the South Portico—where, on clear spring afternoons such as this, the president
himself could often be seen on the third-floor balcony. The man walked briskly, carrying a
small leather attaché. The legislation that would create the Secret Service was sitting on Abraham Lincoln’s desk that Wednesday evening, and would remain there for the rest of his life.
At three minutes before four o’clock, the man entered the building and gave his name to
one of the butlers.
“Joshua Speed, to see the president.”
A lifetime of war had finally taken its toll on Abe. He’d felt increasingly weak since Willie’s
death. Clouded and unsure. The lines in his face were deeper, and the skin beneath his eyes
sagged so as to make him appear forever exhausted. Mary was nearly always depressed,
and her rare moments of levity were spent on frenzied fits of decorating and redecorating, or
on séances to “commune” with her beloved Eddy and Willie. She and Abe hardly spoke beyond simple civilities. Sometime between April 3rd and April 5th, during his journey downriver
to inspect the fallen city of Richmond, the president scribbled the following poem in the margins of his journal.
Melancholy,
my old friend,
visits frequent,
once again.
Desperate for distraction and companionship, Abe invited his old friend and fellow vampire
hunter to spend a night at the White House. Upon being notified of Speed’s arrival, Abe politely excused himself from a meeting and hurried into the reception room. Speed recalled
Abe’s entrance in a letter to fellow hunter William Seward after the president’s death.
Placing his right hand upon my shoulder, the president paused momentarily as our faces
met. I daresay he found mine surprised and saddened, for when I studied him, I saw a frailty
that I had never encountered before. Gone was the broad-shouldered giant who could drive
an ax clean through a vampire’s middle. Gone were the smiling eyes and confident air. In
their place was a hunched, gaunt gentleman whose skin had taken on a sickly pallor, and
whose features belonged to a man twenty years his senior. “My dear Speed,” he said, and
took me into his arms.
The two hunters dined alone, Mary having confined herself to bed with a headache. After
dinner, they retired to Abe’s office, where they remained well into the early morning hours,
laughing and reminiscing as if they were above the store in Springfield again. They spoke of
their hunting days; of the war; of the rumors that vampires were fleeing America in droves.

But most of all, they talked of nothing: their families; their businesses; the miracle of photography.
It was precisely as I had hoped. My troubles were distant, my thoughts quieted, and I felt
something like my old self again—if only for those ephemeral hours.
Sometime well after midnight, after Abe had kept his friend laughing with his bottomless
well of anecdotes, he told him about a dream. A dream that had been troubling him for days.
In one of his final journal entries, Lincoln recorded it for posterity.
There seemed to be a death-like stillness about me. Then I heard subdued sobs, as if a
number of people were weeping. I left my bed and wandered downstairs. There the silence
was broken by the same pitiful sobbing, but the mourners were invisible. I went from room to
room; no living person was in sight, but the same mournful sounds of distress met me as I
passed along… I was puzzled and alarmed. What could be the meaning of all this? I kept on
until I arrived at the East Room, which I entered. There I met with a sickening surprise. Before
me was a catafalque, on which rested a corpse wrapped in funeral vestments. Around it were
stationed soldiers who were acting as guards; and there was a throng of people, gazing
mournfully upon the corpse, whose face was covered, others weeping pitifully. “Who is dead
in the White House?” I demanded of one of the soldiers, “The president,” was his answer; “he
was killed by an assassin.” Then came a loud burst of grief from the crowd, which woke me
from my dream. I slept no more that night.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter

II
John Wilkes Booth loathed sunlight. It irritated his skin; overwhelmed his eyes. It made the
fat, pink faces of boastful Northerners blinding as they passed him on the street, crowing
about Union victories, celebrating the end of the “rebellion.” You have no idea what this war is
about. The twenty-six-year-old had always preferred the darkness—even before he became
its servant. His home had always been the stage. Its braided ropes and velvet curtains. Its
warm, gaslight glow. Theater had been the center of his life, and it was a theater he entered
just before noon to collect his mail. There would no doubt be letters from admiring
fans—perhaps someone who had witnessed his legendary Marc Antony in New York, or
thrilled to his more recent Pescara in The Apostate, performed on the very boards now beneath his boots.
The backstage loading door had been opened to allow daylight in, as had the exits in the
rear of the house, but Ford’s Theater remained mostly dark. The first and second balconies
were draped in shadow, and every time Booth’s heel landed on the stage, the resulting
echoes filled the emptiness. There was no place more pleasing—more natural to him than
this. Booth would often pass the daylight hours in darkened theaters, sleeping on a catwalk,
reading in an upper balcony by candlelight, or rehearsing for an audience of ghosts. An empty
theater is a promise. Isn’t that what they said? An empty theater is a promise unfulfilled. In a
few hours, everything around him would be light and noise. Laughter and applause. Colorful
people packed together in their colorful finery. Tonight, the promise would be fulfilled. And
then, after the curtain came down and the gaslights were snuffed out, there would be darkness again. That was the beauty of it. That was theater.
Booth noticed a pair of men working in the stage left boxes, about ten feet above his head.
They were removing the partition between two smaller boxes in order to make a single large
one, no doubt for a person of some import. He recognized one of the stagehands as Edmund
Spangler, a callused, red-faced old acquaintance and frequent employee. “And who are to be
your honored guests, Spangler?” Booth asked. “The president and first lady,
sir—accompanied by General and Mrs. Grant.”
Booth hurried out of the theater without another word. He never collected his mail.
There were friends to be contacted, plans to be drawn up, weapons to be readied—and so
little time to do it all. So little time, but such an opportunity! He made straight for Mary Surratt’s boardinghouse.
Mary, a plain, plump, dark-haired widow, was Booth’s former lover and an ardent Southern sympathizer. She’d met him years before, when he’d been a guest at her family’s tavern
in Maryland. Though fourteen years his senior, she’d fallen passionately in love with the
young actor, and the two had carried on an affair. After her husband died, Mary sold the tav-

ern and moved to Washington, where she opened a small boardinghouse on H Street. Booth
was a frequent guest—but in recent years, he’d seemed less interested in “matters of the
flesh.” Mary’s feelings for him, however, remained unchanged. So when Booth asked her to
ride out to the old tavern and tell its current owner, John Lloyd, to “make ready the shooting
irons,” she didn’t hesitate. Booth had left a cache of weapons with Lloyd weeks before, in preparation for a failed plot to kidnap Lincoln and exchange him for Confederate prisoners. Now
he would use the same weapons to take a more direct approach.
Mary’s love for Booth would prove her undoing. For delivering his message, she would
hang three months later.
While Mary was on her fatal errand, Booth visited the homes of Lewis Powell and George
Atzerodt in quick succession. Both had been involved in his failed kidnapping plot, and both
would be needed to carry out the audacious plan that was still taking shape in his head.
Atzerodt, an older, rough-looking German immigrant and carriage repairman, was an old acquaintance of Booth’s. The boyishly handsome Powell, not yet twenty-two years old, was a
former rebel soldier, member of the Confederate Secret Service, and friend of the Surratts. A
meeting was arranged for seven that evening. Booth gave no reason for it.
He merely told the men to be on time, and to bring their nerve.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter

III
Abe was in fine spirits.
“Laughter shook his office door all morning,” wrote Nicolay years later. “At first I mistook
the sound for something else—so accustomed had I grown to the president’s cheerlessness.”
Hugh McCullough, Treasury Secretary, remembered “I never saw Mr. Lincoln so merry.” Abe
had been buoyed by the reunion with his hunters, and by the telegrams flying out of the war
office on an almost hourly basis. Lee had surrendered to Ulysses Grant five days earlier at
the Appomattox Courthouse in Virginia, effectively bringing the war to a close. Jefferson Davis
and his government were on the run.
In order to personally congratulate Ulysses Grant on his brilliant defeat of Robert E. Lee,
the Lincolns had invited him and his wife to the theater that evening. There was a new comedy at Ford’s, and a few hours of carefree laughter was exactly what the president and Mrs.
Lincoln needed. However, the general had respectfully declined, as he and Julia were to
leave Washington by train that evening. This set off a flurry of replacement invitations, all of
which were promptly (and respectfully) declined for one reason or another. “One would think
that we were inviting them to an execution,” Mary is reported to have remarked during the
course of the day. It mattered little to Abe. No amount of rejection—respectful or otherwise—could sully his mood that warm Good Friday afternoon.
I am strangely buoyant. [Speaker of the House Schuyler] Colfax called this morning to discuss reconstruction, and upon observing me for a quarter hour, paused and asked if I had eschewed my coffee for a Scotch—such was my disposition. Neither the Cabinet nor [Vice President Andrew] Johnson were successful in their efforts to dampen my spirits today (though
both tried mightily to do so). However, I dare not speak of this happiness aloud, for Mary
would surely see such boastfulness as a bad omen. It has long been her nature—and
mine—to distrust these moments of quiet as prelude to some unforeseen disaster. And yet
the trees bloom beautifully today, and I cannot help but take note.
The journal entry was dated April 14th, 1865. It was the last Abe would ever make.
By late afternoon, with the day’s official business done, the president prepared to take a
late afternoon carriage ride with his wife. Though not as jovial as her husband, Mary also
seemed to be in unusually good spirits, and she’d asked Abe to join her for a “brief turn about
the yard.” As the president stepped out of the North Portico, a one-armed Union soldier
(who’d been waiting there most of the day in hopes of such an encounter) shouted, “I would
almost give my other hand if I could shake that of Abraham Lincoln!” Abe approached the
young man and extended his hand. “You shall do that, and it shall cost you nothing.”
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter

IV
Booth arrived in Lewis Powell’s rented room at seven o’clock sharp, accompanied by a short,
nervous twenty-two-year-old pharmacist named David Herold, whom he’d met through Mary
Surratt. Atzerodt was already there. Booth wasted no time.
In a few hours, the four of them would bring the Union to its knees.
At precisely ten o’clock, Lewis Powell was to kill Secretary of State William Seward, who
was currently bedridden after falling from a carriage. Powell, who was unfamiliar with Washington, would be led to Seward’s house by the nervous pharmacist. After the secretary was
dead, the two conspirators would ride across the Navy Yard Bridge and into Maryland, where
they would meet up with Booth. At the same time, Atzerodt was to shoot Vice President Andrew Johnson in his room at the Kirkwood House, before joining the others in Maryland. As
for Booth, he would return to Ford’s Theater. There, he would kill the president with a singleshot derringer pistol before plunging a knife into General Grant’s heart.
With the Union government decapitated, Jefferson Davis and his Cabinet would have time
to reorganize. Confederate generals like Joseph E. Johnston, Meriwether Thompson, and
Stand Watie, whose armies were fighting valiantly against the Yankee devils even now, would
be able to rearm. From Maryland, Booth and his three companions would continue south, relying on the kindness of their fellow sympathizers for food and shelter while the Union pursued them. As news of their deeds spread, a chorus of joyful voices would ring from Texas to
the Carolinas. The tide would turn. They would all be hailed as heroes, and John Wilkes
Booth would be called “the Savior of the South.”
Atzerodt protested, insisting that he’d agreed to a kidnapping, not a murder. Booth
launched into a stirring speech. There is no record of what he said—only that it was soaring
and thoroughly convincing. Probably it contained references to Shakespeare. Certainly it had
been rehearsed for this very occasion. Whatever Booth’s words, they worked. Atzerodt reluctantly agreed to go forward. But what the apprehensive German didn’t know—what none of
the living conspirators would ever know, even as they climbed the thirteen steps to their
deaths—was the truth behind the young actor’s hatred of Lincoln.
On the surface, it made no sense. John Wilkes Booth had been called the “handsomest
man in America.” Audiences packed theaters all over the country to watch him perform. Women trampled one another to catch a glimpse of him. He’d been born into the nation’s preeminent acting family, and made his professional debut as a teenager. Unlike his famous older
brothers Edwin and Junius, who were actors in the classic sense, John was raw and instinctive—leaping about the stage, screaming at the top of his lungs. “Every word, no matter how
innocuous, seems spoken in anger,” wrote a reviewer for the Brooklyn Daily Eagle, “and yet
one cannot help but be captivated by it. There is an almost ethereal quality to the gentleman.”

One night, following a performance of Macbeth at the Richmond Theater, Booth reportedly
took six young ladies back to his boardinghouse and wasn’t seen for three days. He was rich.
He was adored. He was doing what he loved. John Wilkes Booth should have been the happiest man alive.
But he wasn’t alive.
Life’s but a walking shadow, a poor player
That struts and frets his hour upon the stage,
And then is heard no more. It is a tale
Told by an idiot, full of sound and fury,
Signifying nothing. *
When he was thirteen years old, Johnny Booth paid an old gypsy woman to read his palm.
He’d always been obsessed with fate, particularly his own—due in large part to a story often
told by his eccentric mother. “On the night you were born,” she’d say, “I asked God for a sign
of what awaited my newborn son. And God saw fit to answer.” For the rest of her life, Mary
Ann Booth would swear that flames had suddenly leapt from the hearth of their fireplace and
formed the word “country.” Johnny spent countless hours pondering the meaning of it. He
knew that something special awaited him. He could feel it.
“Oh… a bad hand,” the gypsy said at once, recoiling slightly. “Sorrow and trouble… sorrow and trouble, wherever I look.” Booth had come expecting a glimpse of his future greatness. What he got were forecasts of doom. “You’ll die young,” said the gypsy, “but not before
amassing a thundering crowd of enemies.” Booth protested. She was wrong! She had to be
wrong! The gypsy shook her head. Nothing could prevent it….
John Wilkes Booth would “make a bad end.”
Seven years later, the first part of her grim fortune came true.
Of the six young women Booth took back to his Richmond boardinghouse that night, only
one remained by morning. He’d sent the others scurrying out the door before sunrise, their
hair a mess, clothing bundled in their arms. After the fog of whiskey had lifted, he’d found
them to be nothing more than the same silly, chatty, opportunistic girls who greeted him at
every stage door in every city. He had no use for them beyond what had already transpired.
The girl in bed with him, however, was something entirely different. She was a small, darkhaired, ivory-skinned beauty of twenty or so, but carried herself with the calm confidence of a
much older woman. There was a slyness to her, and though she seldom spoke, when she did
it was with humor and wisdom. They made love for hours at a time. No woman—not Mary
Surratt or his countless stage door conquests—had ever made Booth feel like this. He was
drawn to her in a way he’d only been drawn to the theater.

Every woman before her has been a promise unfulfilled.
In moments of rest, Booth filled the silences with stories of his youth: the word “country” in
the fire… the gypsy… the inescapable feeling that he was destined for greatness—something
more than fame or money could provide. The ivory-skinned girl placed her lips against his ear
and told him of a way that he could achieve that greatness. Perhaps he believed her; perhaps
he was merely humoring his young lover—but at some point during that second night, John
Wilkes Booth willingly drank her blood.
For the next two days, he suffered through the worst, and last, sickness of his life. He
drenched his sheets in sweat; suffered horrific visions; convulsed so violently that the legs of
his bed clattered against the floor.
Three days after he’d last been seen in public, Booth awoke. He rose and stood in the
center of the room—alone. The ivory-skinned girl was gone. He would never learn her name;
never see her again. He didn’t care. He’d never felt more alive than he did at this moment;
never seen or heard with such clarity.
She spoke the truth.
Booth had craved immortality since he was a child. Now it was his. He’d always known
that some special fate awaited him. Here it was. He would be the greatest actor of his generation… of every generation. His name would be renowned in ways that Edwin and Junius could
only imagine. He would grace the theaters of the world; watch empires crumble to dust; commit every word of Shakespeare to memory. He was the master of time and space. Booth
couldn’t help but smile as another thought crossed his mind. The old gypsy was right. He’d
died young, just as she said he would. And now he would live forever.
I am a vampire, he thought. God be praised.
Immortality, however, proved somewhat disappointing at first. Like so many vampires,
Booth had been left to learn the hard lessons of death on his own. There was no mentor to
explain the thousand whispers that now filled his head when he faced an audience. No shopkeeper to suggest the right pair of dark glasses, or the proper means of removing blood from
the sleeve of an overcoat. When his first cravings came, crashing against his mind in waves,
he’d wandered the dark streets of Richmond for hours, following endless wobbling drunks
down endless winding alleys, never quite working up the nerve to strike.
When the cravings became so severe that he felt himself slipping into madness, Booth
found his nerve—but not in Richmond. Twenty days after being made immortal, he mounted
his horse after dark and set off for a plantation in nearby Charles City. A wealthy tobacco
farmer named Harrison had been to see his Hamlet and invited the actor to dine the following
week. Booth meant to take him up on that offer a bit earlier.

He tied his horse to a tree in an orchard about eighty yards from the slave quarters—comprised of ten uniformly built, tightly packed brick shelters. Their chimneys were
smokeless. Their tiny windows dark. Booth settled on the building nearest him (merely a matter of convenience) and peered through one of its windows. No fire burned inside, and there
was hardly any moon in the sky above—yet he saw everything as if it had been illuminated by
the gas footlights that blinded him nightly.
A dozen Negroes of varying sex and age slept soundly inside, some on beds, others on
woven floor mats. Nearest him, directly below the window, a little girl of seven or eight slept
on her stomach in a tattered white nightgown.
Minutes later, Booth was in the orchard, sobbing, her lifeless body in his arms, her blood
running down his fangs and chin. He dropped to his knees and held her tightly against his
chest.
He was the devil.
Booth felt his fangs puncture the thick muscle of her throat. He began to drink again.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter

V
After a full day of respectful rejections, the Lincolns finally had a couple willing to accompany
them to the theater. Major Henry Rathbone and his fiancé, Clara Harris, daughter of New
York senator Ira Harris, rode backward facing Abe and Mary as the president’s carriage cut
through a light mist. Mary could feel the cool air in her black silk dress and matching bonnet.
Abe was perfectly warm in his black wool overcoat and white gloves. The party pulled up to
Ford’s Theater just before eight-thirty, by which time the play, Our American Cousin, was
already underway. Abe, who detested being late, gave his apologies to the doorman and
greeted his relief bodyguard, John F. Parker.
Parker, a Washington policeman, had shown up for his shift at the White House three
hours late with no explanation. William H. Crook, Lincoln’s daytime bodyguard, angrily sent
him ahead to Ford’s and told him to wait for the president’s party. In time, the nation would
learn that Parker was a notorious drinker who’d been disciplined for falling asleep on duty
more than once.
Tonight, he was solely responsible for protecting Abraham Lincoln’s life.
The Lincolns and their guests were led up a narrow staircase to the double box, where
four seats had been arranged. Farthest left was a black walnut rocking chair for the president.
Mary was seated beside him, followed by Clara and the major at the far end. No sooner had
the four of them taken their seats than the play was halted and the president’s arrival announced. Abe stood, somewhat embarrassed, as the orchestra played “Hail to the Chief,” and
the audience of more than a thousand rose to its feet in polite applause. As the play resumed,
John Parker took his seat outside the door. Here, he’d be able to see anyone approaching the
president’s seats.
Backstage, no one paid much attention to John Wilkes Booth when he arrived an hour
after Abe’s party. He was a regular at Ford’s, free to come and go as he pleased, and he often took in performances from the wings. But Booth had no interest in the play tonight; no
time for small talk with impressionable young actresses. Using his knowledge of the theater’s
layout, he wound his way through a labyrinth of hallways and crawl spaces until he reached
the staircase that led to the stage left boxes. Here, he was shocked to discover that there
were no guards posted. Booth had expected at least one, and had planned on using his fame
to gain access to the president. A great actor paying his respects to a great man. He was carrying a calling card in his coat pocket for this very purpose.
There was nothing but an empty chair.
John Parker had grown frustrated by the fact that he couldn’t see the stage. Incredibly,
during the second act, he’d simply left his post to find another seat. By the beginning of Act III,
Parker had left the theater altogether, going for a drink at the Star Saloon next door. Now, all

that stood between Booth and Lincoln was a narrow staircase.
Upstairs, Mary Lincoln held her husband’s hand. She stole a glance at Clara Harris,
whose hands were resting modestly in her lap, and whispered in Abe’s ear, “What will Ms.
Harris think of my hanging on to you so?”
“She won’t think anything of it.”
Most historians agree that these are Abraham Lincoln’s last words.
Booth quietly climbed the staircase and stood outside the box, waiting for the one line that
he knew would get a huge laugh.
A laugh big enough to muffle the sound of a pistol.
Onstage, Harry Hawk stood alone, delivering a spirited soliloquy to the crowd. Booth held
steady, waiting, as Hawk’s voice boomed through the theater. He crept forward, leveled the
pistol at the back of Lincoln’s head, and carefully… carefully pulled the hammer back. If Abe
had been ten years younger, he might have heard the click—might’ve reacted with the speed
and strength that had saved his life so many times before. But he was old. Tired. All he felt
was Mary’s hand upon his. All he heard was Harry Hawk’s booming voice: “Don’t know the
manners of good society, eh? Well, I guess I know enough to turn you inside out, old gal; you
sockdologizing old man-trap!”
The audience roared. Booth fired.
The ball entered Abe’s skull, and he slumped forward in his rocking chair, unconscious.
Mary’s screams joined the deafening laughter as Booth produced a hunting knife and turned
to his next target—but instead of General Grant, he was met by the young Major Rathbone,
who leapt from his chair and came at him. Booth plunged the knife into Rathbone’s bicep and
made for the railing. Clara’s screams joined Mary’s as laughter gave way to murmuring and
people turned their heads toward the commotion. Rathbone grabbed Booth’s coat with his
good arm, but couldn’t hold on. Booth leapt over the railing. But as he did, one of his riding
spurs snagged the Treasury flag that Edmund Spangler had put up earlier in the day. Booth
fell awkwardly to the stage, breaking his left leg, twisting it grotesquely at the knee.
FIG. 6E. - A BLACK-EYED JOHN WILKES BOOTH FIRES THE FATAL SHOT AS MAJOR HENDRY RATHBONE REACTS
Though injured, the consummate actor couldn’t resist a flourish. He pulled himself to his
feet, faced the audience, which had begun to panic, and yelled, “Sic semper tyrannis!” The
state motto of Virginia. Thus always to tyrants! With that, John Wilkes Booth left the stage for
the last time.
Like the speech to his conspirators, it was a moment he’d probably rehearsed.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter

VI
At roughly the same moment, Lewis Powell ran out of Secretary Seward’s front door, screaming, “I’m mad! I’m mad!” Although he didn’t know it yet, his mission had been a failure.
Herold, the nervous pharmacist, had done his part. He’d led Powell to Seward’s mansion.
Now he watched from a safe distance as Powell knocked on the front door just after ten
o’clock. When a butler answered, Powell delivered his own carefully rehearsed line: “Good
evening. I have medicine for the secretary. I alone am to administer it.” Moments later, he was
on the second floor, only a few yards from where his ailing target slept. But before he could
slip into Seward’s room alone, the secretary’s son Frederick approached.
“What cause have you to see my father?”
Powell repeated his carefully rehearsed line, word for word. But the younger Seward
wasn’t convinced. Something was amiss. He told Powell that his father was asleep, and to
call again in the morning.
Lewis Powell had no choice. He drew his revolver, pointed it at Frederick’s head, and
squeezed the trigger. Nothing. The gun had misfired.
I’m mad! I’m mad!
There was no time. Powell bashed Frederick’s skull with the gun instead, sending him to
the floor, blood pouring from his nose and ears. Powell then ran into his target’s room, where
he encountered a screaming Fanny Seward, the secretary’s daughter. Ignoring her for the
moment, he drew his knife and brought it down on the old man’s face and neck, again and
again and again, until he rolled onto the floor—dead.
Or so Powell thought. Seward was wearing a metal neck brace as a result of his carriage
accident. Despite deep gashes to his face, the blade failed to find his jugular.
Powell stabbed Fanny Seward in the hands and arms as he ran past her and into the hallway. Continuing down the staircase, another of the secretary’s children, Augustus, and an
overnight guest, Sergeant Robinson, tried to stop him. Both were stabbed for their efforts, as
was Emerick Hansell, a telegram messenger who’d had the misfortune to arrive at the front
door just as Powell was running out of it.
Incredibly, none of the victims died.
Outside, the nervous pharmacist was nowhere to be found. The sound of Fanny Seward’s
screams had frightened him off. Powell, who knew little of the area, was left to fend for himself. He threw the bloody knife into a nearby gutter, untied his horse, and galloped off into the
night.
As disastrous as the attack on Seward had been, Powell could have consoled himself in
the knowledge that he’d fared far better than George Atzerodt. The reluctant German had lost
his nerve, gotten drunk in the bar at the vice president’s boardinghouse, and then wandered

the streets of Washington until sunrise.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter

VII
Charles Leale, twenty-three, helped his fellow soldiers lower the president onto a bed on the
first floor of Petersen’s Boarding House—directly across the street from Ford’s Theater. They
were forced to lay him diagonally, as he was too tall to lie straight. Leale, an army surgeon
who’d been in the audience, had been the first to attend to the president. He’d shoved his way
through the crowd, up the narrow stairs, and into the box, where he’d found Lincoln slumped
over in his chair. Upon lowering the president and examining him, he’d detected no pulse; no
breath. Moving quickly, the young doctor had felt around the back of Lincoln’s head until he’d
found a hole just behind the left ear. After a blood clot was removed from the wound, Lincoln
had begun to breathe again.
Leale was young, but he wasn’t naive. He’d seen enough of these injuries in the field to
know the outcome. Minutes after the president had been shot, he’d delivered his bleak, accurate medical opinion: “His wound is mortal. It is impossible for him to recover.”
Mary couldn’t bear to be in the room with her dying husband. She remained in the parlor
of Petersen’s Boarding House all night, weeping. Robert and Tad arrived sometime after midnight and took their place at Abe’s bedside, just as Abe had knelt at his dying mother’s side
almost fifty years earlier. They were joined by Gideon Welles, Edwin Stanton, and an endless
parade of Washington’s best doctors, all of whom came to offer their advice. But nothing
could be done. Dr. Robert King Stone, the Lincolns’ family physician, examined the president
during the night and concluded that his case was “hopeless.”
It was only a matter of time.
By sunrise, a large crowd had gathered outside. The president’s breathing had become increasingly faint through the night, his heartbeat erratic. He was cool to the touch. Many of the
doctors remarked that a wound of this type would have killed most men in two hours; maybe
less. Abe had lasted nine. But then, Abe Lincoln had always been different. Abe Lincoln had
always lived.
The infant a mother attended and loved;
The mother that infant’s affection who proved;
The husband that mother and infant who blessed,
Each, all, are away to their dwellings of rest. *
Abraham Lincoln died at 7:22 in the morning, on the Ides of April 1865.
The men at his bedside lowered their heads in prayer. When they were finished, Edwin
Stanton declared, “Now he belongs to the ages.” With that, he returned to his telegrams. John
Wilkes Booth was on the run, and Stanton meant to catch him.

Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter

VIII
Booth and Herold had managed to elude the Union Army for eleven days, escaping first to
Maryland, then to Virginia. They’d hidden in swamps for days on end; slept on beds of cold
earth. Booth had expected to be embraced as a hero, the Savior of the South. Instead, he’d
been cast out into the cold. “Ya gone too far,” they’d said. “The Yanks’ll burn every farm from
Baltimore to Birmingham lookin’ fer ya.”
The second of the gypsy’s predictions had come true. Booth had amassed a “thundering
crowd of enemies.”
On April 26th, Booth woke to shouting, and knew at once.
Goddamned double-crossing son of a bitch…
Richard Garrett had been one of the few Virginians who hadn’t turned them away. He’d
given them food to eat and a warm tobacco barn to sleep in. Judging by the Union soldiers
outside, he’d sold them out for the reward money, too.
Herold was nowhere to be found. The coward gave himself up. It didn’t matter. He would
be faster on his own, anyway. Night had fallen, and the night belonged to Booth’s kind. Let
them wait, he thought. Let them wait and see what I am. His leg had long since healed, and
even though he was weak with hunger, they would be no match for him. Not in the dark.
“Give yerself up, Booth! We ain’t gonna warn ya again!”
Booth stayed put. True to their word, the Union soldiers issued no further warnings. They
simply set fire to the barn. Boards were set alight; torches thrown onto the roof. The dry old
barn was engulfed in a matter of seconds. The blinding flames made the barn’s dark corners
seem deeper. Booth put his dark glasses on as ancient beams began to creak overhead, and
fingers of gray smoke crawled up the walls. He stood center stage and tugged on the bottom
of his coat—an old actor’s habit. He wanted to look his best for this. He wanted the Yankee
devils to see exactly who it was before they…
Someone is in here with me… someone who means me harm….
Booth turned in circles, ready for an attack that might come from any direction, at any moment. His fangs descended; his pupils swelled until his eyes were nothing more than black
marbles. He was ready for anything….
But there was nothing. Nothing but smoke, and flame, and shadow.
What sort of trickery is this? Why could I not sense him until…
“Because you are weak…”
Booth spun in the direction of the man’s voice.
Henry Sturges stepped out of the darkest corner of the barn. “… and you think too much.”
He means to destroy me….

Somehow, Booth understood everything. Perhaps this stranger wanted him to understand—forced him to understand.
“You would destroy me over a living man?” Booth backed up as Henry advanced.
“OVER A LIVING MAN?”
Henry said nothing. There was a time and a place for words. His fangs descended; his
eyes turned.
These are the last seconds of my life.
Booth couldn’t help but smile.
The old gypsy was right….
John Wilkes Booth was about to make a bad end.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter
FOURTEEN
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter
Home
I have a dream that one day this nation will rise up and live out the true meaning of its
creed: “We hold these truths to be self-evident: that all men are created equal.”
—Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.
August 28th, 1963
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter
I
Abraham Lincoln had a dream.
He watched his prey move among the men below; watched how confidently it circled
them. Choosing. Glaring at them like a god. Mocking them; reveling in their helplessness. But
you, he thought. You’re the helpless one tonight.
Just a moment now. Just another moment and it would begin. A series of rehearsed
movements. A performance refined with each passing night. Perfected. Just a moment, and
then the force and commotion and speed. He would stare into the blackness of its eyes and
watch the life leave them forever. And then it would be over. For tonight.
He was twenty-five again, and strong. He was so strong. All of the sorrows in his life—all
of the doubts and deaths and disappointments—all of them had been for this. They were the
fires that burned in his chest. They were his strength. They were her. There was a prayer that
came to mind in these moments. Before the screaming. Before the bargaining and the blood.
He wasn’t much for prayers, but he liked this one:
If my enemies be quick, grant me speed. If they be strong, Lord, then grant me the
strength to see them defeated. For mine has always been the side of righteousness. The side
of justice. The side of light.

His ax blade had been sharpened and resharpened. If I swung it hard enough, I could
make the air bleed. Over the years, the handle had been worn into the perfect companion for
his massive hands. Each furrow a welcoming friend. It was hard to know where he ended and
the ax began. Impossible to know how much…
Now.
He leapt from the barn roof and soared over his prey. The creature looked up. Its eyes
went black from lid to lid. Its fangs descended, hollow and hungry. He swung the ax with all of
that strength and felt the handle leave his hands, his body still high above the earth. As he
fell, he caught one of their faces in the corner of his eye. The face of a helpless man,
frightened and bewildered. Not yet aware that his life had just been saved. I’m not doing this
for you, he thought. I’m doing it for her. He watched his old friend somersault through the
air… wood metal wood metal wood metal. He knew. From the moment he let it go, he knew
the blade would find its target. Knew the sound it would make when it broke through the skull
of that false god, splitting its confident smile in two… tearing through its brain… denying it
everlasting life. He knew because this was his purpose.
It had always been his purpose….
Abe woke in his White House office.
He dressed and sat at a small desk by one of the windows overlooking the South Lawn. It
was a perfect late August morning.
It’s good to be in Washington. It feels strange to write those words, but then—I suppose
I’ve been swept up in the excitement of the day. It promises to be a historic one. I only pray
that it’s remembered for the right reasons, and not for the violence that some have predicted
(and others hoped for). It’s not yet eight o’clock, but I can already see the crowds marching
across the Ellipse toward the Monument. How many will there be? Who will speak, and how
will their speeches be received? We will know in a few short hours. I only wish they had
chosen a different venue. I admit that it causes me no small discomfort to be near that thing. I
was surprised, however, at what little discomfort I felt sleeping in my office. It is fitting, I suppose. For it was here, in this very room, that I signed my name to the ancestor of this day. I
must remember to send President Kennedy a note of thanks for having me as his guest.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter
II
On the morning of April 21st, 1865, Abraham Lincoln’s funeral train left Washington and
began the journey home to Springfield.
Thousands lined the tracks as the “Lincoln Special” pulled away from the Baltimore & Ohio
Railroad Depot at five minutes past eight o’clock, its nine cars draped in black garlands, a
framed portrait of the late president hanging over the steam engine’s cowcatcher. Tearful men

stood with their hats in their hands; ladies with their heads bowed. Soldiers, some of whom
had left their beds at St. Elizabeths Hospital to see the train off, stood up arrow straight, saluting their fallen commander in chief.
Two of Abe’s sons were aboard with him, Robert, now a twenty-one-year-old army captain, and Willie, whose coffin had been removed from its temporary crypt and placed beside
his father’s. Tad remained in Washington with Mary, who was too grief stricken to leave the
White House. For thirteen days and nearly 1,700 miles, the train wound its way through the
North, stopping in designated cities to lie in state. In Philadelphia, 300,000 people pushed and
shoved to catch a glimpse of the slain president’s body. In New York, 500,000 stood in line to
lay eyes on Abe, and a six-year-old Theodore Roosevelt watched his funeral procession go
by. In Chicago, hundreds of thousands gathered around an outdoor viewing stand engraved
with the words “Faithful to Right—Martyr to Justice.”
In all, more than twelve million people stood by the tracks to watch the funeral train pass,
and more than a million waited in line to view the president’s open casket.
On Thursday, May 4th, 1865, a sea of black umbrellas shielded thousands of mourners
from the scorching sun as Abe’s casket, sealed for all eternity, was carried into Oak Ridge
Cemetery on a hearse pulled by six white horses.
As Bishop Matthew Simpson gave a stirring eulogy for the “Savior of the Union,” one particularly ashen mourner looked on from behind a pair of dark glasses, a black parasol in his
gloved hands. Though his eyes were incapable of tears, he felt the loss of Abraham Lincoln
more deeply than any living person in Springfield that day.
Henry remained by the closed gates of the receiving vault (where Abe and Willie’s caskets
would remain until a permanent tomb could be built) long after the sun had set and the
crowds dispersed, standing guard over his friend of forty years. Standing guard over the man
who’d saved a nation from enslavement and driven darkness back into the shadows. He remained there most of the night, sometimes sitting in silent contemplation, sometimes reading
the little slips of paper that people had left along with flowers and keepsakes at the foot of the
iron bars. Henry found one of them particularly moving. It read simply:
“I am a foe to tyrants, and my country’s friend.” *
In 1871, Tad Lincoln—then living with his mother in Chicago—was stricken with tuberculosis. He died on July 15th at the age of eighteen. His body was taken to Springfield and
placed in his father’s tomb beside brothers Willie and Eddy. Again, it was Robert who accompanied the funeral train, as Mary was too distraught to attend.
Of all Abe’s children, only Robert survived to see the new century. He would marry and
father three children of his own, and in later life, he would serve two presidents, James Gar-

field and Chester A. Arthur, as secretary of war. He died peacefully at his estate in Vermont in
1926, at the age of eighty-two.
Tad’s death had been the final, irreparable blow to Mary Lincoln’s mental health. In the
years that followed, she became increasingly erratic, often swearing that she saw her late
husband’s face staring at her from the darkness on nighttime walks. She suffered from paranoia, insisting that strangers were trying to poison her or steal from her. She once had
$56,000 worth of government bonds sewn into the linings of her petticoats for safekeeping.
After Mary attempted suicide, Robert had no choice but to commit his mother to a psychiatric
hospital. After her release, Mary moved back to Springfield, where she died in 1882, at the
age of sixty-three. She was laid to rest beside the three young sons she’d wept for in life.
There would be several attempts to steal Abraham Lincoln’s body following the Civil
War—until, at Robert Lincoln’s request, the casket was covered with cement in 1901, never to
be seen again. None of the would-be grave robbers had had much success. In fact, none had
even managed to pry the president’s heavy casket lid open.
If they had, they would have been shocked by what they found.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter
III
On August 28th, 1963, Henry Sturges stood in front of the Lincoln Memorial, his clothing
and hair in keeping with the times, a black umbrella protecting his skin and dark glasses covering his eyes. He was accompanied by an uncommonly tall friend, his eyes behind a pair of
Ray-Bans; his shoulder-length brown hair beneath a floppy brimmed hat. A bushy beard obscured his angular face, the same one staring down at him from its marble throne (and causing him no shortage of discomfort). Both listened intently, proudly, as a young black preacher
looked out on more than 250,000 faces.
“Five score years ago,” the preacher began, “a great American, in whose symbolic shadow we stand, signed the Emancipation Proclamation. This momentous decree came as a
great beacon light of hope to millions of Negro slaves who had been seared in the flames of
withering injustice. It came as a joyous daybreak to end the long night of captivity. But one
hundred years later, we must face the tragic fact that the Negro is still not free.”
Abe and Henry had come to help finish the work begun a century before. They’d been
there during Reconstruction, driving out the vampires who continued to terrorize emancipated
slaves….
“I have a dream that one day on the red hills of Georgia, the sons of former slaves and the
sons of former slave owners will be able to sit down together at a table of brotherhood.”
They’d been there in Mississippi, dragging white-hooded devils to their deaths by the light
of burning crosses….

“Now is the time to make justice a reality for all of God’s children.”
And they’d been there in Europe, where millions gave their lives defeating the second
vampire uprising between 1939 and 1945.
But there was still work to be done.
“Free at last! Free at last! Thank God Almighty, we are free at last!”
The crowd cheered wildly, and the preacher took his seat. It was a perfect late-summer
day. A defining day in man’s struggle for freedom. Not unlike the day Abraham Lincoln was
laid to rest, ninety-eight years before.
The day Henry made a choice…
… that some men are just too interesting to die.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter
ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
Thanks go to Ben Greenberg, Jamie Raab, and all my new friends at Grand Central for
being excited by the idea and seeing it through brilliantly; to Claudia Ballard for making it all
happen, Alicia Gordon for making more things happen, and everyone at William Morris Endeavor; to the wonderfully terrifying Gregg Gellman; to the Internet (without which this book
would not have been possible), particularly Google, Wikipedia, and the Lincoln
Log—invaluable resources, all; to Starbucks—you complete me; to Stephanie Isaacson for
her Photoshop genius; to David and everyone at MTV for bearing with me as I bit off more
than I could chew; and to my fearless research assistant, Sam.
A special thanks to Erin and Josh for letting me sit out most of 2009.
And finally, to Abe—for living a life that hardly needed vampires to make it incredible—and
to Henry Sturges—wherever you are….
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter

*Not the name he went by at the time. For the sake of consistency, I refer to him by his actual
name throughout the book, including here.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter

*It was common for early settlers to build their homes around forts, or “stations.” In the event
of an Indian attack, these forts offered a place to retreat. They were kept manned by a small
detachment of volunteers.

Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter

*A sixteenth-century song by Richard Edwards, referenced in Romeo and Juliet, Act IV,
Scene 5.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter

*Many farmers ran distilleries as a way to make extra money off their crop. Here, Abe is referring to the fact that Thomas often traded his carpentry for corn whiskey—much to the consternation of his new wife.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter

*It’s not known how Barts killed Nancy Lincoln and the Sparrows, but based on information
elsewhere in the journals, he likely administered a “fool’s dose” of his own blood. Pricking a
finger and squeezing a few drops into a sleeping victim’s mouth is the most common method.
Such an amount is merely enough to produce the side effects of transformation (sickness,
death) without any of its lasting benefits.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter

*It’s interesting to note the repeated use of the words “kill” and “killing” in these early entries.
Abe would later use the more accurate verbs “destroy” and “slaughter.”
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter

*Macbeth, Act I, Scene 3.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter

*Abe was amazed that passengers were willing to fork over a dollar apiece to have themselves ferried a distance of (in some cases) thirty feet. As in his days on the Old Cumberland
Trail in Kentucky, he also reveled in meeting travelers and hearing their stories, many of
which he would retell for the rest of his life.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter

*A tarlike resin.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter

**A rudder with a long handle so it could be controlled from the roof of the shelter.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter

*Abe is referring to what is today called St. Louis Cemetery #1.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter

*An understanding Poe seemed to have forgotten by 1843, when de Vere was used as a
character in Poe’s “Lenore.”
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter

*A healthy man in his prime could fetch as much as $1,100 (an impossible amount for a slave
to bank), while an older woman or those with any sort of impediment might net $100 or less.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter

*The town would be renamed Springfield the following year.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter

*John Walker’s matches (which he called congreves) were made with a mixture of stibnite,
potassium chlorate, gum, and starch. They were incredibly unstable, odiferous items.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter

*The name given to a group of some five hundred warriors and one thousand women and
children from five different tribes, all under the command of Black Hawk. It was so named because Black Hawk had been told he would receive assistance from the British in any conflict
with the Americans (it never materialized).
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter

*William F. Berry, son of a local minister, and a former corporal in Lincoln’s outfit.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter

*Vandalia was the state capital until 1839, when it was moved to Springfield.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter

*Abe is either misquoting or paraphrasing A Midsummer Night’s Dream, Act I, Scene 2.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter

*Long, rectangular strips of leather used to sharpen shaving razors.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter

*On August 25th, 1838, the three-year anniversary of Ann’s death, The Sangamon Journal
carried this poem on its front page. The author chose to remain anonymous.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter

*A boardinghouse on the next block of Hoffman’s Row.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter

**A small, three-barreled pistol capable of firing three shots (one from each barrel) without reloading.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter

*Abe had by now taken to calling Sarah Bush Lincoln “mother.” It’s worth noting that he
doesn’t mention his father.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter

*Jack Armstrong had decided to remain in Clary’s Grove when Abe moved to Springfield, effectively ending their brief partnership.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter

**A four-room house on the Farmington estate, roughly a half mile from the main residence.

Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter

*This brush would only deepen McDowell’s paranoia. He left Kemper and founded his own
college of medicine at Ninth and Gratiot Streets, outfitting the building with rooftop cannons
and keeping a store of muskets on hand to ward off attack. He would go on to serve in the
Confederate Army before disappearing from history altogether. The St. Louis building that
housed his school is said to be haunted by his ghost, though no record of his death has ever
surfaced.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter

*A modest two-story home that stood on the present-day site of the Library of Congress.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter

*The seventy-year-old founder of the Whig Party, elder statesman, and idol of Lincoln’s.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter

*In present-day western Slovakia.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter

*Mary had no idea who Henry Sturges was, or that such a thing as vampires existed.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter

*In 1852, Abe started a law practice with Ward Hill Lamon, an imposing figure of a man who
would later serve as his presidential bodyguard. As he had with his former partner, Abe kept

Lamon in the dark about vampires.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter

*A witness claimed that he saw Duff commit the murder from a distance of 150 feet “by the
light of a full moon.” Abe produced an almanac, which proved that the night in question had
been a moonless one.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter

*Brooks died eight months after the attack.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter

*As big as New York City was, it was still only a quarter of London’s size in 1857.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter

**Likely the Fifth Avenue Hotel, completed in 1859.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter

*Every kingdom divided against itself will be ruined, and every city or household divided
against itself will not stand.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter

*There is no evidence that Douglas knew about these plans, only that he was in league with
several of its vampire architects.

Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter

*Abe is referring to Douglas here.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter

*The line is “Beware the Ides of March” (March 15th). Julius Caesar, Act I, Scene 2.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter

*Angelina Lamon actually did die two months after Abe’s dream. Her cause of death remains
unknown. It’s doubtful that vampires were involved.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter

*A reference to Shakespeare’s Henry V. In Act III, Scene 1, King Henry delivers a rousing
speech to his troops, beginning with the famous “Once more unto the breach, dear friends,
once more!”
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter

*It’s widely believed that Abe got the idea to grow a beard from eleven-year-old Grace Bedell.
While it’s true that Bedell wrote with the suggestion (insisting that “ladies like whiskers” and
would therefore urge their husbands to vote for him), he’d already begun to grow it by the time
her famous letter arrived.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter

**There was no cause for the Union to intervene—Abe comfortably won the election on his

own merits.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter

*Mary suffered from debilitating headaches (possibly migraines) throughout her adult life.
Many historians suggest they were related to her famous bouts of depression. Some even
suggest that she was schizophrenic, though it is impossible to know.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter

*The report was thought lost in the Great Chicago Fire of 1871, until it was discovered during
a renovation of Mercy Hospital in 1967. On the day the news went public, Mercy received an
anonymous donation of a million dollars. The day after that, the report was declared a hoax
by hospital officials.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter

*For fear of spies, all of Henry’s wartime messages to Abe were coded in one way or another.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter

**Spoken by the character Richmond in Richard III, Act V, Scene 2.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter

*Merrow’s letter, housed in the Harvard University Archives, has long been mistaken for a
work of epistolary fiction.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter

*Horatio “Bud” Nelson Taft Jr. and Halsey “Holly” Cook Taft were Willie and Tad’s best
friends. They were often accompanied by their teenage sister, Julia, whom Abe affectionately
called a “flibbertigibbet.” Fifty-nine years later, she would write about her memories of Abe
and his boys in
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter

*A small soldier doll that had been given to Tad as a gift. He and his brother enjoyed putting
the doll through mock court-martials for treason or dereliction of duty, sentencing him to
death, burying him—and then repeating the whole process. Abe was once implored by his
boys to write a pardon for their toy, which he did happily: “The Doll Jack is pardoned by order
of the President. A. Lincoln.”
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter

*A circular fifty-two-acre park often used as campgrounds for Union troops.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter

*Activated charcoal has long been used a treatment for poisoning. It works by absorbing toxins in the intestines before they can reach the bloodstream.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter

*The Battle of Fort Stevens marks the only occasion in American history a sitting president
was under fire in combat.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter

*Civil War Misc. Collection, USAMHI.

Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter

*Grapeshot is a type of cannon ammunition similar to a shotgun shell. Small metal balls are
packed tightly together in a projectile. When fired, the balls spread out to cause a greater
damage. Grapeshot was packed into canisters and used for close-range engagement.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter

**Duncan Papers, New Jersey Historical Society.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter

*Alexander Gardner, the Washington, D.C., photographer who would also take Abe’s last portrait.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter

*, Act V, Scene 5.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter

*From Abe’s favorite poem by Scotsman William Knox.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter

*, Act V, Scene 4.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter

