OUTKAST LYRICS

"The Way You Move"

Boom, Boom, Boom.
Heh, Heh.

[Big Boi]
Ready for action, nip it in the bud
We never relaxin’, OutKast is everlastin’
Not clashin’, not at all but see my nigga went to do a little acting.
Now that’s for anyone askin’ give me one pass em’
Drip drip drop there goes an ear-gasm
Now you cumin out the side of your face
We're tapping right into your memory banks (Thanks!)
So click it or ticket lets see your seat belt fastened
Trunk rattlin’ like two midgets in the back seat wrestlin
Speakerboxx vibrate the tag, make it sound like aluminum cans in a bag
But I know ya’ll wanted that 808 can you feel that B-A-S-S, bass
But I know ya’ll wanted that 808 can you feel that B-A-S-S, bass

[Chorus]
I like the waaaay you move
I like the waaaay you move (Whoo-o-o!)
I love the waaaay you move
I love the way, I love the way.

I love the waaaay you move
I love the waaaay you move (Whoo-o-o!)
I love the waaaay you move
I love the way, I love the way.

[Big Boi]
Then the whole room fell silent (Shhhhh!)
The girls all pause with glee, turning left turning right, are they looking at me?
But I was looking at them, there, there on the dance floor
Now they got me in the middle feeling like a man whore
Specially the big girl, big girls need love too no discrimination here, squirrel
So keep your hands off my cheeks, and let me study how you ride the beat 
You big freak!
Skinny, slim women got the camel toe within them 
You can hump them, lift them, bend them, give them something to remember
Yell out timber when you fall through the chop shop.
Take a deep a breath and exhale your ex male friend, boyfriend was boring as hell
Now let me listen to the stories you tell and we can make moves like a person in jail.
On the low, hoe

[Chorus]

[Sleepy Brown]
Heeeey baby, girl don’t you stop
Come on baby dance all around me 
You so fine (you so fine) you so fine
You drive me outta my mind (my mind, outta my mind!) Oooh baby!
If I could I would, just be with yoooou baaaaby
Ooooooh Cause you like me and excite me and you know you got me baby!
Oooooo!

I like the waaay you move (I like the way you move)
I like the waaay you move (Ooo you so sexy baaby!) (Whoo-o-o!)
I love the waaay you move 
I love the way, I love the way (Whoo-o-o!)

I love the waaay you move (I love the way you move)
I love the waaay you move (Ooo you so sexy baaby!) (Whoo-o-o)
I love the waaay you move 
I love the way, I love the way.

I like the waaay you move
I like the waaay you move (Whoo-o-o!)
I love the waaay you move
I love the way, I love the way.

I love the waaay you move
I love the waaay you move (Whoo-o-o!)
I love the waaay you move
I love the way, I love the way

