LUDACRIS LYRICS

"Money Maker"
(feat. Pharrell)

[Hook (Pharrell / Ludacris):]
Shake your money maker
Like somebody about to pay you
I see you on my radar
Don't you act like you afraid of
Shh...
You know I got it
If you want it, come get it
Stand next to this money
Like - ey ey ey
Shake your money maker
Like somebody boutta pay you
Don't worry about them haters
Keep your nose up in the air
You know I got it
If you want it, come get it
Stand next to this money
Like - ey ey ey

[Verse 1:]
Shake shake shake your money maker
Like you were shaking it for some paper
Took your mama 9 months to make you
Might as well shake what you mama gave you

You ... you looking good in them jeans
I bet you look even better with me in between
I keep my mind on my money, money on my mind
But yous a hell of a distraction when you shake your behind
I got j.o. on my right side pourin some cups
My whole hood is to my left and they ain't giving a fuck

So feel free to get loose and get carried away
So by tomorrow you forgot what you was saying today
But don't forget about this feeling that I'm making you get
And all the calories you burn from me making you sweat
The mile high points you earn when we taking my jet
And how everywhere you turn I'll be making you wet..

[Hook]

[Verse 2:]
Switch, switch, switch it from right to left and..
Switch it till you running right out of breath and..
Take a break until you ready again and..
You can invite over as many friends as..
you want to, but I really want you
Just be thankful that Pharrell gave you something to bump to...HEY
Luda...I'm at the top of my game
You want my hands from the bottom to top of your frame
And I...just wanna take a little ride on your curves
And get erotic giving your body just what it deserves and..

Let me give you some swimming lessons on the penis
Backstroke, breaststroke, stroke of a genius...YUPP
Call me the renaissance man
Get up and I stay harder than a cinder block man....HEY
I'm just a bedroom gangster
And I been meaning to tell you that I really must thank you when you..

[Hook]

[Verse 3:]
Rock rock rock it and make it work girl
Please don't stop it until it hurt girl
You..you been looking a little tipsy
So if you could just shake it a little this way
See I'm a member of the BBC
The original bread winner of DTP
And you the center of attention that's distracting the squad
Cause everybody in the camp is like OH MY GOD..she could

[Hook]
